HARD LABOUR FOR AN EX-POLICEMAN.

FREDERICK MALLETT, twenty-four, formerly in the Metropolitan Police
force, was charged with having maliciously wounded William Neate, a
police officer. Mr. Poynter prosecuted. The prosecutor, who is a member
of the F Division, stated that on the evening of August 24th he was
going from the Marble-arch to the Paddington Police-station, when he met
the prisoner in Harrow-road, who told him there were six burglars in
Irongate Wharf-road, and that three plain-clothes men were watching
them. He went with the prisoner to the back of the Running House
public-house, and was there told to watch the third house. Prisoner told
him to take his helmet off, as the burglars might see him, and directly
afterwards Mallett, who at the time was in the same division of police
as the prosecutor, struck him across the temple with either a stick or a
trucheon. On attempting to rise he was struck again on the left side,
and also on the right arm. His finger was smashed, but he could not
exactly say how it was done. The next thing prosecutor remembered was
that he was in the public-house. He had never had any disagreement with
the prisoner. In cross-examination he denied that he had passed any
remark about prisoner not having paid his mess money. Inspector Wyburn
stated that when Mallett was charged he said, “I had no instrument. I
struck him with my fist, and he fell against the wall, which must have
caused the injury." Prisoner and prosecutor were then taken to
Scotland-yard, where the Chief-Constable suspended Mallett, pending
further inquiries, and in the meantime he absconded. By order of the
Commissioner a warrant was issued for his apprehension. Prisoner, in the
course of his examination of the several, witnesses, tried to show there
was a very strong feeling among the men at his station against him, and
that the statement of the prosecutor could not be relied on. He was
convicted and sentenced to twelve months' hard labour.
