DOMESTIC TRAGEDY IN LINCOLNSHIRE.

AN inquest was held at Alford, on Friday, touching the death of Joseph
Martin Turner, aged nine years, who was found drowned in Holywell
Brick-pit, Alford, on Thursday. The first witness examined was John
Martin Turner, the uncle of the deceased, who deposed that the boy and
his father, James, a labourer, had resided with him for some time; but
in consequence of some remarks he had made to his brother the latter
took the boy away to his grand-mother's house, and asked for a night's
lodging there. As it was not convenient for them to stay, they went back
to the house they formerly occupied, and slept in a shed at the back of
the building, the father taking off some of his clothing to cover his
son. The following day the father visited a beerhouse several times, and
his brother John, finding him there, asked him to go home and have a cup
of tea, which he and the boy both refused. Nothing more was seen of them
until about half-past one on Thursday morning, when the father returned
to his brother's house alone, and upon being questioned by the to where
the boy was, replied that he did not know, but afterwards stated that he
was at Claxby. Ha also said, "I walked straight into the well pond." It
was noticed that his clothes were wet and his face muddy, and the wife
told him to change his clothes and got into bed, which he did. On the
brother coming down in the morning he went to Claxby to another brother,
but found the boy was not there. Together the two brothers returned to
Alford, stopping on their way to examine the fish pond at the well, but
found nothing. Upon reading a letter, which led to the brother going to
Claxby, and which was from the father of the child, it was found that a
certain passage which had been overlooked stated that the bodies of both
the father and son would be found in the brick-pit. They went to the
place and found the body of the boy. Medical evidence having been given
that death was caused by drowning, and formal evidence as to the very
peculiar behaviour of the father on Wednesday evening and to his
subsequent arrest, the coroner summed up, and a verdict of wilful murder
against Joseph Turner was returned. The father is stated to have been
deeply attached to his son.

_____________________

ALLEGED INGENIOUS FRAUDS.

AT the Bilston Police-court, on Friday, John Herbert Brown, thirty-two,
a bookbinder by trade, but who had conferred upon himself the title of
Dr. G. H. Adamson, of Park House, Leeds, was committed for trial on six
different charges of fraud. The circumstances, although almost the same
in each case, were of a most extraordinary character. The prisoner, it
appears, adopted the plan of first making himself acquainted with
persona resident in Bilston, West Bromwich, and other parts of the
district who had relatives in Australia; he then waited upon them, and,
stating that he had just come over from the colony on a short visit,
said he was entrusted with friendly inquiries from their absent
relatives. By this means it is alleged he managed to obtain quantities
of valuable articles in the form of jewellery and trinkets, which he
promised to convey on his return to Australia to the individuals for
whom they were intended. At West Bromwich, it seems, he slightly altered
his tactics. Having obtained from a Mrs. Willis, wife of a grocer, a
number of small articles as presents to her married daughter, he went
straightway to another West Bromwich grocer named Hodgetts, and handed
over the articles he had obtained from Mrs. Willis as presents from
their absent brother, who was about to be married. The hair quickly
took, and prisoner was made the happy recipient of a gold albert guard
and silver Jubilees brooch and other valuables as presents for the
intending bride and bridegroom, and intrinsically worth about three
times the articles he had given in exchange Prisoner offered no defence,
and he was committed for trial.
