APPREHENDED ON THE HONEYMOON.

AT the Kingston-on-Thames County Police-court, Lily White, twenty-four,
a servant, of White Cross, Hallatrow, Somerset, and Charles W. White,
sixteen, her husband, were charged on a warrant with having stolen since
the 1st of December a gold ring, value 28s, the property of Beatrice
Mary Fulton, of Surbiton. The female prisoner was further charged with
stealing other articles belonging to Mrs. Fulton, and with having
obtained by false pretences from Mr. H. H. Judd, of Surbiton, three
ladies undervests, value 11s. 10d. Mr. B. J. Marsh defended. The
evidence showed that the female was engaged as general servant by Mrs.
Fulton four months ago. While the woman was with Mrs. Fulton several
articles of jewellery were missed, and the prisoner denied all knowledge
of them. Early in January a young lady visited prosecutrix, and during
her stay she lost a ring. A fortnight ago the female prisoner left her
employment at the expiration of notice, and the male prisoner took her
boxes away. Knowing that the parents of the male prisoner were highly
respectable people. Mrs. Falton warned the boy against the girl, but she
had since heard that they had got married. The police were communicated
with, and the prisoners were apprehended at Templeclough, where they
were spending their honeymoon. The male prisoner denied all knowledge of
the ring, but he afterwards stated that he gave 10s, and the ring to Mr.
Thomas, jeweller, of Surbiton, in exchange for a wedding ring. He
admitted that the female prisoner gave him the ring, but he said he had
no idea that it was stolen. Mr. Marsh said the girl had induced the boy
to marry her whilst she was in a pregnant condition, and that when the
girl stole the things she was not accountable for her actions. The
magistrates were of opinion that the had was led into the affair by the
woman, and dismissed the case against him. They sent the female prisoner
to gaol for a month without hard labour. The other charges were not
proceeded with.

______________________

SHOOTING A WIFE AT EARLSWOOD. —On Saturday, at Redhill, before the
mayor, a wretched-looking man, named Henry Burchell, of White Bushes
Cottages, Earlswood, was charged with shooting at his wife with intent
to do her grievous bodily harm. Edward Styles, a platelayer, said he was
in his garden, some thirty yards away, when he heard the report of a
gun. Mrs. Burchell was at that time outside her house, leaning against
the window, and as he approached her she said, "He has shot me." With the
assistance of some neighbours witness conveyed the woman indoors, and he
afterwards informed the police. Dr. Harle, of Earlswood, said he found
the woman had been shot through the thigh. The wound was so serious that
her removal from the house would be dangerous. She was in a critical
condition. Remanded.
