A SAD STORY FROM BERLIN.

A BERLIN correspondent reports the trial of a girl named Clara Wernicke,
thirteen years of age, who has been sentenced to three years and three
days' imprisonment for theft and murder. The evidence revealed some
extraordinary circumstances. The prisoner is the daughter of a
house-painter, who, after the death of her mother, married a woman who
had been his housekeeper since the decease of his first wife. This woman
brought into the house her little boy named Herrmann. The step-mother
very soon began to behave cruelly to her step-children, the Clara
above-mentioned and two other girls. Clara was accused of having stolen
ninety pfennige, and on May 15th of having pushed her step-brother into
the water and drowned him. On being questioned by the president of the
court, she said: On the 15th of May my sister Lischen, Herrmann, Malwine
Erdmann, and I wanted to go to Sunday school. On the way Lischen said,
"I won't go home again. Mother has beaten me again with the tongs." My
little brother said he also would not go home, and I said so too; and
then my sister said we would all drown ourselves, but before that we
would ride on the roundabout in the Hasenheide. We went there and looked
at the booths, and went away at nine o'clock in the evening. When we
came to the Kottbuser-bridge we went along the bank of the river, and
Herrmann said, "Now we will jump in. You can push me in first; but you
must be sure to jump in too." So I lifted him up, while Malwine Erdmann
helped me, and then I let him loose, and he fell into the water. He
called out "Clara!" and I tried to catch him, but I could not, and then
I got a fright. Then I went home with my sister and Malwine Erdmann. The
next morning mother asked where Herrmann was, and I said I didn't know.
Then I was taken the police office because of the ninety pfennige, and
then Malwine told all about Herrmann. Malwine Erdmann, nine years old,
in her evidence, said: “While we were at Hasenheide Clara said, “We will
all four drown ourselves. Then we shall go into Paradise and get such a
beautiful bed and such good food, and be again with my good mother.” But
I said I would not die, and little Herrmann said nothing. When we came
to the Kottbuser-bridge it was dark, and Clara led us a few steps to the
right, and then I helped her to lift little Herrmann over the low
railing, and she threw him into the water. He called out, "Clara, help
me, I want to get out." But Clara only said, "I won't help you, for you
always tell tales about us." Then we ought to have taken our turn and be
thrown into the water, but we ran away and went home together. Elle
Wernicke, likewise nine years old, was questioned and said: We wanted to
drown ourselves all four, Mother always treated us so badly; she beat us
and starved us. We had to go begging every day, and if we brought home
less than a mark we were beaten. Malwine wanted to die with us, and
Herrmann also said he would rather go to Paradise.
