ALLEGED BLACKMAILING AT OXFORD.

MAITLAND FRANCIS MORLAND, described as a tutor, aged sixty-five, of 23,
St. John-street, Oxford, was charged, at Bow-street Police-court, on
Monday, with attempting to obtain from Henry James, Lord Hothfield, the
sum of £70, and other moneys by false pretences. Mr. Lewis said that he
appeared to prosecutes the prisoner at the instance of Lord Hothfield
for attempting to obtain the sum of £70, and other moneys from him by
false pretences. In the year 1888 Lord Hothfield received a letter
signed "M.," which he should show was written by the prisoner. The
letter was as follows: —

"My Lord, — I am a very young widow, and was married at eighteen. My
husband died in India a fortnight after our marriage. I was in India a
short time. My annuity, though not large, is sufficient for my wants;
but it will not bear the strain of another's debts. Hence my writing to
your lordship. I became security for an aged gentlewoman, and she cannot
pay. I am tall and graceful, with a perfect figure, and in features am
like the Princess of Wales. My house is large, well appointed, in the
best part of Oxford; and your lordship could come to me as often as you
liked, without anyone knowing it. All I ask is £50—a part now and a part
at other times. But, above all things, preserve secrecy, as I am highly
connected, and have a position to keep up. This writing is intentionally
formal, and not my current Italian hand. I am very young. —I have the
honour to be, my lord, your lordship's obedient servant, M." It would be
found afterwards that the prisoner addressed his lordship from St
Giles's-street. Lord Hothfield took no notice of that letter, and some
time afterwards he received another letter, which it was necessary to
read, and which was also. written by the prisoner. It was as follows:
—Tuesday. My Lord, —You called in the afternoon during last races, and
the maid thought you

[]

asked for Mrs. Maylan. She said that no one of that named lived here.
She had not long been here; but the other maid, who ought to have
answered the door, would have at once known whom you meant. I sent both
maids to see if they could come across you with a little note to say
that I was in. They came across you at the station talking to Lord
Chesham. I do not know his lordship.; but one of the maids comes from
Lord C.'s part of the country. They made out that they had found no
opportunity of giving you the note. Why did not your lordship inform me
that you were coming? …… do not send a young fellow to me again; I do
not like young fellows. As you were born in 1844 you would be prudent
and would keep my secret. I knew that it was your lordship that called,
because I had written to no one else. The £50, which I wanted at the
time, I borrowed from a lady friend, and have since repaid it. I only
wrote to you because I know you by sight, and I was aware to myself that
you were the only man whom I should like to come to me. . .. Do not show
this to anyone, but come and love me –MRS. MAITLAND.

Detective Henry Marshall deposed to arresting the prisoner on Saturday.
He then asked him who was Mrs. Maitland—did she live with him? He said,
no, she had never resided with him, but visited his house a friend. She
was a Russian lady of eminence, and he, having been born in Russia,
became acquainted with her. She was a great Nihilist. He further said,
"This is a conspiracy. I have an action against Mr. Labouchere; also
against a firm of solicitors at Oxford named Walsh. Mr. George Lewis is
acting for Labouchere, also for Lord Hothfield, and it is a conspiracy
between them to stifle the actions. Mr. Crawshaw reserved his
cross-examination of the witness, and applied for bail; but Sir John
Bridge refused, on the ground that if the charge were sustained it was a
most serious offence. He remanded the prisoner for eight days.
