A PAUPER TURNED DETECTIVE.

WILLIAM SMITH and William Power, until recently pauper inmates of the
Holborn Union Workhouse at Mitcham, were charged, at the Croydon Petty
Sessions, on Saturday, on remand with being concerned together in
stealing from that place a quantity of clothing and 5s. 2d., the
property of Frank Bilcliffe, one of the labour masters. During the
latter part of October Bilcliffe's quarters were entered by thieves, who
completely ransacked his bedroom and stole the articles mentioned in the
charge. From what afterwards came to the knowledge of the master, Mr.
Simmonds, he instructed a pauper named Wyatt to get into conversation
with the prisoners, the result being that the trio arranged to meet in
Ham-yard, Great Windmill-street, London. The appointment was kept, and
the prisoners then informed Wyatt that they committed the robbery at the
workhouse, and had hidden the plunder on a tank over a closet in No. 3
block, adding that they were going to fetch it away at six o'clock that
evening. After arranging to meet Wyatt on their return journey at the
Elephant and Castle, they started for Mitcham, and Wyatt at once sent a
telegram to the master telling him that the men were coming. Mr.
Simmonds then procured the assistance of Detective Boswell, and after
waiting for some time in the grounds their patience was rewarded by
seeing Smith and Power drop over the wall. It was proved that prisoners
had been previously convicted, and in committing them for trial Sir
Thomas Edridge (chairman) warmly complimented Mr. Simmonds, the
work-house master, on the way in which he had conducted the matter on
behalf of the guardians.

______________________

GROSS CRUELTY TO A CHILD. —At the Wandsworth Police-court James Toomey,
a labourer, living in Moat-street, Battersea, was charged with brutally
ill-treating his son aged six years. Detective Gilby said in consequence
of the receipt of an anonymous communication he visited the prisoner's
house and found the boy in bed, his face being tied up with a piece of
rag. Witness removed the rag and asked what was the matter with him. He
replied "Father has been kicking me.” He told the prisoner that he
should take him into custody for ill-treating his son, and he replied,
"I am very sorry; I got drunk and assaulted him because he broke a
plate.” A little girl who lived in the same house proved having seen the
prisoner knock the boy's head against the bedroom door and kick him in
the back. Another witness stated that she heard the little boy cry out
piteously, "Oh, daddy, don't kick me so!’ Mr. G. F. Borrows said he was
called to examine the child, and found him suffering from a fractured
jaw and other injuries of recent infliction. The body was much
discoloured from bruises, and there was a wound under the chin, where he
had, no doubt, been kicked. The boy was too severely injured to attend
the court. Mr. Phillips mentioned that the boy had been subjected to
this brutality for a long time past. Mr. Lushington committed the
prisoner for trial.
