THE SHAFTESBURY AVENUE MURDER.

AT the Central Criminal Court, on Saturday, before Mr. Justice Lawrence,
the trial was concluded of Paul Koczula, twenty-four, waiter, and
Susannah Koczula, twenty-four, servant, his wife, Germans, who were
indicted for the wilful murder of Sophia Frederica Matilda Rasch, the
wife of Karl Rasch, a German restaurateur, in the Shaftesbury-avenue
they were also indicted for stealing jewellery and other property of the
value of £30, and £50 in money, the property of the same person; and of
George Schmerfeld, thirty-one, a Bohemian waiter, who was indicted for
counselling and procuring the said murder and robbery, and harbouring
the said persons after its commission.

Mr. C. Mathews, Mr. H. Avory, and Mr. L. Bancroft prosecuted for the
Treasury, instructed by Mr. Frayling; Mr. Cannot and Mr. A. W. Sells
were counsel for the female prisoner; Mr. Warburton and Mr. A. L. Cohen
appeared for Paul Koczula, and Mr. R. J. Drake represented the other
prisoner. The court was densely crowded when the judge took his seat, a
large number of ladies being again present.

His lordship immediately commenced to sum up the case, and occupied two
hours and a half in doing so. He said the murder could not be disputed,
and it was equally clear that robbery was the motive for the crime. The
evidence, which his lordship reviewed at length, showed this. It was
also remarkable that the Koczula should be leaving the restaurant
without notice within a few minutes of the discovery of the body. It was
for the jury to weigh all these facts. It might be that the murderer or
murderess only intended to rob, but they would be equally guilty of the
capital offence if death ensued from their violence in effecting the
robbery.

The jury retired to consider their verdict shortly before one o'clock.
After an absence of an hour and a half they returned, and

Mr. Justice Lawrance said they had sent him two questions which it was
necessary he should answer publicly. The first was—if the jury
considered that the woman did not take an active part in the robbery
leading to the murder, but knew that the robbery was being done, ought
she to be found guilty of murder? The answer to that was " Yes;" but if
they were of opinion that she did not know that the probable
consequences would be murder then she ought not to be found guilty. The
second question was —if she knew of the probable consequences and the
jury considered her to be acting under the control and influence of her
husband, ought they to find her guilty? That he must answer in the
affirmative, as there could be no question of control in a charge of
murder.

The jury again retired, and were absent for a further period of about an
hour, when they returned a verdict of guilty against Paul Koczula and
Schmerfeld, and one of not guilty against the female prisoner.

Mr. Drake submitted, on behalf of Schmerfeld, that the evidence did not
support conspiracy to murder; that the crime committed was different
from that intended by the conspiracy; and that the murder was not the
probable consequence of such conspiracy.

Mr. Justice Lawrance held that those were questions of fact and not of
law, and that the jury had decided them.

Mr. Horace Avory said his friend was endeavouring to discuss questions
of fact over again under the guise of questions of law.

Mr. Drake asked his lordship to reserve the points.

Mr. Justice Lawrence was understood to say there were no points to be
reserved.

The prisoner, Paul Koczula, on being asked whether he had anything to
say why sentence of death should not be passed, vehemently protested his
innocence, and declared that Karl Rasch and other witnesses had
committed perjury.

Schmerfeld also said that he knew nothing about the matter and was
innocent.

Mr. Justice Lawrance then passed sentence of death. In doing so he said
that he entirely agreed with the verdict of the jury. It might be that
there was no intention at first of murder, but there was of robbery,
and, if necessary, robbery with violence. No one could doubt that what
was done was done in pursuance of an agreement made between the
prisoners; neither could be doubted that Schmerfeld took Mr. Rasch away
from the house in order that the robbery might be committed.

The prisoner Koczula heard his doom apparently unmoved, but Schmerfeld
visibly trembled and was assisted from the dock. Koczula walked
determinedly below, declining almost rudely the approaches of his wife,
who stood near him.

Mr. H. Avory asked that the female prisoner might be detained until
Monday, in order to give the prosecution time to consider whether they
would proceed with the indictment of larceny against her.

Mr. Justice Lawrance assented, and the female prisoner was removed.
