EXTRAORDINARY SUICIDES.

AT the Wandsworth Town Hall, on Thursday, Mr. A. Braxton Hicks held an
inquest upon the body of William M’Call, aged twenty-two years, a
draper’s assistant, lately residing with his father, a draper, at 21.
Trevor-square, Knightsbridge, whose body was found floating in the river
Thames, off Wandsworth Pier on the 10th inst. The father said lately his
son had suffered from melancholia due to over-study. On the 1st inst.
when he left home he was better than usual. He never returned. Upon
making inquiries he was informed that his son had been seen to jump from
Putney Bridge into the river Thames. Frederick Greenstreet, residing at
2, Oakehill-road, Wandsworth, said at eleven p.m. on the 1st inst. he
was crossing Putney Bridge when he saw the deceased walk from one side
of the bridge to the other, and then gaze for several seconds into the
river. He then walked higher up the bridge, and got over the parapet. He
sat upon the bridge with his legs hanging over the water, and in a
minute lowered himself and hung to the ledge with his hands. After
hanging a few seconds, he let go and dropped into the river. When he
fell into the water he rose and appeared to be swimming with the tide.
Suddenly he disappeared. He never cried out. Witness was about ten yards
from deceased when he got over the parapet, but he had no idea he was
going to commit suicide. He did not appear agitated. Dr. A. D. Roe,
divisional surgeon of police, who had made a post-mortem examination,
said the head was flattened and every bone fractured. One of the eyes
was missing, and death was due to asphyxia from drowning. The injuries
to the head were done just after death, and were probably due to
deceased getting beneath a barge. A verdict of suicide whilst of unsound
mind was returned.

On Thursday night, as the 9.36 train from Hammer-smith was entering
Portland-road Station, a well-dressed man, apparently about thirty years
of age, was seen to step on the permanent way. For a moment or two he
faced the approaching train, and then calmly knelt down and placed his
neck on the off rail. There were a number of passengers on the platform
at the time, and several of these shrieked out loudly, calling on the
driver to stop the train. The driver immediately applied the brake, but
it was found impossible to pull up in time, and the wheels of the
engines and several carriages passed over the man’s neck. On the train
being moved away it was seen that the unfortunate man’s head had been
completely severed from his body. The man’s identify is at present
unknown.
