CHARGE AGAINST A CLERGYMAN.

AT the Portsmouth Police-court, the Rev. William G Radcliffe,
thirty-eight, was charged, on a warrant, with obtaining by means of
false pretences a pair of gloves and a necktie, value 5s, from. Mr.
William Bowen Thomas, outfitter, of Commercial-road, on the 13th inst.
Mr. E. J. Harvey prosecuted. The prisoner, a tall, well-dressed man, was
undefended Mr. Harvey, in briefly opening the case, said that on the
13th inst. the prisoner went to Mr. Thomas's shop and represented
himself to be a nephew of the Rev. E. R. Dolling. Believing that to be
true, Mr. Thomas supplied him with various articles, but Mr. Dolling,
who would be called, would tell the Bench that the prisoner's statement
was entirely false. Mr. William Bowen Thomas, outfitter, of
Commercial-road, said that on the 13th the prisoner went to his shop and
asked for a particular kind of shirt. The witness said he had not got
it, and in the course of a conversation which followed the prisoner said
ho was a clergyman lately invalided out of the army for some weakness of
the chest, and that he had been recommended to take riding exercise. He
also said he only knew two clergymen in the town, the late Mr. Shutte
and the Rev. Mr. Dolling, of Landport, who was his uncle. Believing his
tale to be true, the witness let him have a necktie and a pair of
gloves. The Rev. Robert Radcliffe Dolling, vicar designate of St.
Agatha's, said the prisoner was no relative of his, nor had the accused
any authority to pledge his credit. Detective-sergeant Munt deposed that
on Tuesday afternoon at about half-past two o'clock he apprehended the
prisoner in Hampshire a terrace as the accused was going to his
lodgings. The witness said, "I have reason to believe you are the Rev.
Mr. Radcliffe," and the prisoner replied, "I am." The witness then said
he had a warrant for of his arrest, and the prisoner said, "Very well,
I'll go quietly." The Prisoner: You have examined my things? The
Witness: Yes, and amongst them I found letters of orders in the name of
the Rev. William Radcliffe, dated some years ago. On this evidence Mr.
Harvey asked for a remand for a week. The prisoner asked that he should
be committed at once, so that he might be tried at the quarter sessions
on Friday. It would be a great injustice to him to a keep him in prison
three months awaiting trial. The Bench decided to remand the prisoner in
custody for a week. He then applied that his money (£2) should be handed
over to him to enable him to telegraph to his friends. The Bench
directed that the prisoner should have enough money to enable him to
communicate with his friends.
