TRIALS AT THE ASSIZES.

KILLING A HUSBAND. —At Durham Assizes Catherine Chilton, aged
thirty-six, was sentenced to twelve months' hard labour for the
manslaughter of her husband at Sunderland by throwing a lighted paraffin
lamp at him. He was burned very severely, and died shortly afterwards.
The judge described it as a wanton and wicked act, and it was a mercy
that the jury had reduced the charge to one of man slaughter.

MANSLAUGHTER. —Henry Wood, a miner, was convicted of the manslaughter of
Francis Barras, at Hetton, last September. The prisoner, who was a
tenant of the deceased, had a dispute about rent, and the deceased sued
him in the County Court. This aggravated the prisoner, who, after using
threats, is alleged to have assaulted Barras, an old man, so severely
that he died three days afterwards. The jury convicted Wood, who was
sentenced to four years' penal servitude.

THROUGH A MATRIMONIAL AGENCY. —At Hereford Assizes, on Wednesday, Sarah
Hambling, a widow, of Ashford, Kent, and her brother, Charles
Cockshedge, cooper, of Grove street, London, were charged with stealing
£206, the money of Richard Oliver, hearse proprietor, Hereford,
Prosecutor, having lost his fourth wife in December of last year, made
the acquaintance of Hambling through a matrimonial agency this year. He
confided, to her that he had secreted money in the seat of an old
hearse, and she induced her brother to steal it. Her letter of
directions to this effect was found. In a paint-pot 39 of the missing
money was discovered. The defence was that Oliver never had the money.
Each prisoner was sentenced to twelve months' hard labour.

LABOUR LEADER SENT TO GAOL. —John O'Brien, coach-builder and Labour
leader in Liverpool, was charged at Liverpool Assizes on Tuesday with
delivering to the town clerk at the recent municipal elections forged
nomination papers for the Abercromby ward, and also for having forged
and delivered a nomination paper for the Rodney ward, for which wards he
was a Labour candidate. In one case the name of Richard Williams
appeared on the paper, which was not written by him or with his
knowledge or consent. There were also four forged signatures of
assenting burgesses. O'Brien denied that there was any truth in the
charges. The jury found him "Guilty" of forging Williams's name and of
uttering the other document knowing it to be forged. He was sentenced to
six months' imprisonment, with hard labour. O'Brien made a long speech
in defence, denying his guilt, and saying he had no intention of
breaking the law. He had to be stopped by the judge.
