SEQUEL TO THE NEILL CASE

ABRAHAM GLADSTONE, twenty-seven, a well-dressed man, described as a
tailor and giving an address in the East-end, was charged at Southwark
Police-court, on Saturday, with stealing a watch and chain valued at £2,
the property of Abraham Limberat, of 145, Stamford-street.

The prosecutor, who said he was a tailor, residing at 145,
Stamford-street, deposed that on the 3rd inst., about eight o'clock in
the evening, he heard his wife answer a knock at the door, and a few
minutes later heard her scream. He rushed out of the room into the
passage, and on the doorstep he saw the prisoner and three other men.
The prisoner pushed forward, and instantly witness felt a “tug” at his
watch chain, and saw the prisoner running away. He would not swear the
prisoner took the watch and chain. Witness formerly lived at 118,
Stamford-street. The prisoner and his friends in court had frequently
visited the house, both before and after the two girls, Shrivell and
Marsh, were poisoned.

Mr. Sydney (for the prosecution): I must object. Mr. Philcox (for the
defence): I want to show what this man is, and also the animus that has
caused the prisoner to be where he is. This man figured very prominently
in the Neill case, when the coroner told him—

The Magistrate: The issue before me is whether or not he was robbed.

Rachel Limberat, the wife of the prosecutor, swore most positively that
it was the prisoner who robbed her husband. Cross examined: When witness
lived at 118, Stamford-street, she let lodgings to ladies.

Prisoner (in broken English): He try to do this to me before in the
East-end, because I said when the case (Neill's ease) was on, that he
knew that I said—

The Magistrate: You had better leave your case in the hands of your
solicitor.

Rowley Levy, a well-dressed young man, of the Hebrew persuasion, deposed
that he was a furrier, and that for many years he had been the
prisoner's "pal." Witness and the prisoner were in the habit of visiting
the prosecutor when he kept a house in the East-end as well as at 118;
Stamford-street. Witness: We were there at the time the two girls were
poisoned, and because we knew—

The Magistrate: Be quiet. You seem fond of referring to that case.

Barnett Cohen, who was passing at the time of the alleged robbery, said
he was quite certain neither the prisoner nor the witness Levy was
amongst the crowd.

The prisoner was committed for trial, bail being allowed.

____________________________

ACCIDENT IN THE HUNTING FIELD. —Captain Paul whilst hunting with the
Heythron hounds near Woodstock on Thursday, was thrown at a wire fence,
and sustained a severe concussion of the brain. He lies in a dangerous
condition.

DAMAGES AGAINST A CORPORATION. —In the Court of Queen's Bench, on
Tuesday, a seaman named Taylor brought an action against the mayor and
corporation of Sandwich for compensation for injuries received in the
consequence of the breaking of a mooring-post to which his vessel
was-moored in Sandwich Harbour. The jury found a verdict for the
plaintiff for £175.
