DARING JEWEL ROBBERY.

A ROBBERY of valuable jewellery, the property of the Countess Howe, was
effected at Portsmouth Harbour Railway Station shortly after noon on
Sunday. A special train, with the Prince and Princess Edward of
Saxe-Weimar, the Countess Howe, and other guests of the Duke of Richmond
during the Goodwood week, reached the station just after a steam packet
in which they intended to cross to Cowes had moved off from the station
pier. It was decided to take passage in another boat, with the view of
joining the Cowes steamer at Clarence Esplanade Pier, Southsea. At this
time the traffic to and from the Isle of Wight is exceptionally heavy,
and at noon on Sunday the railway staff were busily engaged in
facilitating the transfer of luggage from train to steamer, and vice
versa. A crane is employed to remove an iron “cage,” which will hold a
large quantity of goods. This cage, which is in charge of the railway
servants, was fully employed during the morning. The luggage of Prince
and Princess Edward and the other passengers by the special was placed
in the cage, which was about to be set in motion, when a lady’s maid in
the employ of the Countess Howe, who had travelled from Chichester in
charge of a dressing-case containing a quantity of her mistress’s
jewellery, was proceeding to the steamer. On reaching the cage, and
learning that it was to be swung from the station and on to the deck of
the steamer, which was lying alongside the pier below, she, by
direction, it is said, of Countess Howe, placed the case, which was
somewhat heavy, in the cage. It is believed that some other article was
placed on the top of it, and that immediately after the crane was in
motion. The maid was under the impression that it would reach the
steamer as soon as she did, and she at once went down two flights of
steps on to the pier and passed over to the steamer. The cage was in
course of transit, and on its reaching the deck the servant went to
where it alighted to resume possession of the dressing-case, when, to
her consternation, it was missing. An alarm was at once raised, but the
thief or thieves had by this time got clear of the station. Within a
brief period a detective officer was on the spot and a searching inquiry
was instituted. No one was seen to touch the cage, but it is clear that
someone managed to get possession of the case. Up to the present the
police have not succeeded in making an arrest. The articles of jewellery
were of the value of upwards of £1,000. The case contained also £90 in
bank notes an gold.
