EXTRAORDINARY BLACKMAILING CHARGE.

AT Bow-street, a man whose name was given as Charles Howard, with
several aliases, aged seventy, was charged, on remand, under the
Prevention of Crimes Act, 1871, with being a suspected person, getting
his living by dishonest means, and also with obtaining £22 from Col.
Aldworth by false pretences, and fraudulently obtaining £21 from George
Harvey, of Malin Hall, County Donegal. Mr. Sims, who prosecuted for the
Treasury, said the charges of fraud against the prisoner were founded on
a voluminous correspondence, which would have to be gone into. The
accused went to Cowley House, Great College-street, Westminster, and
traded as Williams, Murray, M'Donald and Co., Australian merchants. Mr.
Sims read letters in which it was represented that the writer had
received a colonial newspaper which advertised for a relative of the
persons with whom he happened to be in communication. At prisoner's
lodgings in Oakley crescent, Chelsea (continued Mr. Sime),
Detective-inspector Baker found a complete chart for swindling members
of the nobility on the plea of making inquiries on various delicate
matters. Two sheets of paper contained drafts of letters, in the
prisoner's handwriting, to noblemen and others, in which he offered for
£50 to obtain certain incriminating letters, and to provide evidence
against their wives. Other letters offered for £100 to secure the return
of the person addressed to Parliament, and to bring about marriage with
a young Australian lady possessing thousands a year. There were also
eleven drafts of letters bearing the names of 157 peers and baronets.
These were marked, "Good for marriage" —(Laughter) — and a large bundle
of letters from peers and baronets, addressed, "Colonel Barron,
Oakley-crescent, Chelsea," upon the subject of the Australian heiress.
The chart was marked "Notes for Replies," and contained ninety-two
numbered paragraphs in the handwriting of the prisoner, so that he could
copy a reply suitable to the person addressed. He was thus in a position
to work a combination matrimonial and detective agency by himself alone.
Colonel Richard Aldworth gave evidence in support of counsel's statement
that he had paid Howard £2 as an inquiry fee. The prisoner's landlady
said the prisoner used to have copying done by boys. The accused was
remanded.

_________________________

THIEVING FOR THE PUBLIC GOOD

AT the Clerkenwell Sessions, before Sir P. H. Edlin, Q.C., Henry Conway,
nineteen, clerk, who last sessions pleaded guilty to having broken into
the shop, of Edward Wallis Perry, a jeweller, of Oxford-street, and
stealing therein twenty-six diamond rings, valued at £420, was brought
up for sentence. The prisoner took up a stone of twelve pounds in
weight, and threw it through the prosecutor's window, from which he took
out three trays of rings. He was caught with them under his arm, and
only three, valued at about £49, were missing. He said he was a member
of the Commonweal Anarchists, and had done it for the common good. The
prisoner was stated to have been a frequent speaker at the unemployed
meetings at Tower-hill, and Anarchist meetings at Hyde Park and Regent's
Park. Dr. Gilbert, from Holloway Prison said the prisoner was perfectly
sane. In passing sentence Sir Peter Edlin said — "Airs of bravado and
callous indifference are as silly as they are unbecoming. Despising
steady work, and not ashamed to steal, you talk of sympathy and concern
for the unemployed. Demagogues who go about inciting to violence and
robbery are the worst enemies of labour, and it is desirable that they
should be exposed to the public gaze in their true colours. You must be
stripped of the fine feathers in which you would deck yourself and
plainly described as what you are—a dangerous thief. The sooner you rid
your mind of the vicious doctrines you profess to have adopted the
better for your peace. You will have time for reflection. The sentence
upon you is that you will undergo a term of eighteen months'
imprisonment, with hard labour.
