TEAM ROBBERS IN PARIS.

AN extraordinary incident occurred the other night in Paris. At a late
hour a steam tram was passing through the usually peaceful suburb of
Puteaux, when the driver perceived a man standing on the line a few
yards ahead of the oncoming engine and holding a thick stick. The driver
reversed his machine, in order not to run over the man, and got down to
demand why the latter refused to move off. Six fellows, who had been
hidden by the darkness, thereupon sprang out and assaulted the driver
and the stoker, who had come to his colleague's assistance, and who was
severely wounded with some blunt weapon. Fortunately, at this juncture,
the guards and some passengers flew to the rescue and put the would-be
brigands to flight.

_______________________

THE HOWARD DE WALDEN CASE. —The recent application by Mr. Searle for the
impounding of the documents in the Howard de Walden divorce suits is not
to be both the beginning and end of the matter. It is stated that the
Treasury have determined to take criminal proceedings for perjury in
respect of certain testimony which was given during the hearing of the
suits.

A FAMILY MURDERED. —A horrible crime has been committed at Salmsdorff, a
place situated between Munich and Vienna. Early on Wednesday morning a
family, consisting of mother and three daughters, from thirteen to
twenty years of age, were cruelly murdered. The murderers, after
stealing all they could lay hands upon, set fire to the house and
managed to escape. The fire brigade found the victims still alive, but
all died in a few hours.

A FORGETFUL VICAR. —A curious incident occurred at the parish church in
a certain village in the Weald of Kent on Sunday. The bells had been
rung for morning service, and the congregation, were seated, awaiting
the arrival of the vicar. As he failed to put in an appearance, the
churchwardens, after waiting for a considerable time, proceeded to the
vicarage. Contrary to their expectations, they found their pastor there
in his usual health, but, from some unexplained cause, he had forgotten
the day was Sunday.

THE SANDGATE DISASTER. —The Sandgate Relief Committee have received a
cheque for £25 from the Queen, together with a letter expressing
sympathy with the sufferers. Her Majesty adds that she is unable to
become a patron of the fund. A very heavy wind pre vailed at Sandgate on
Thursday, and fears are entertained that Spring House will fall
altogether should the gale continue. It is considered fortunate that
most of the fissures have been filled up, otherwise the probability is
that the heavy rains of Thursday would have penetrated to the level of
the galt, and so contributed to another subsidence. Subscriptions do not
come in very fast. The total amount is about £5 000, which will go but a
very short way towards replacing the losses many have sustained.
