POLICEMAN 3- BREAGE OF PROMISE

AT the Under-sheriff's Court, on Friday, the case of Jones v. Crawford
came on for the assessment of damages. The action was brought by
Elizabeth Jane Jones, spinster, of 107, Lower Kennington-lane, Lambeth,
against William John Crawford, a police-constable, for breach of promise
of marriage and seduction.

Mr. Bordman said the plaintiff was the daughter of a police-constable,
and the defendant was a police-constable of Deptford, and subsequently
of the L Division, Lower Kennington-lane. They became acquainted in
January 1992; and in the following May he seduced her, a child being
born in January last. She had had a child before. He promised her
marriage in May, 1892, but failed to carry out his promise.

Plaintiff bore out the statement of counsel, and added that the wedding
was fixed to take place on July 11th, 1892. In cross-examination witness
sad the first child was affiliated at Lambeth Police court. She had not
been keeping company with Robert Allen, the father of the first child.
Defendant had promised her marriage on. several occasions, and in the
presence of her father and mother.

In further cross-examination it was elicited that arrangements for the
wedding were made, and she herself applied for and got a licence-in the
Brixton road.

Mrs. Annie Jones, wife of a police constable and mother of the
plaintiff, said she first spoke to defendant in. January, 1892, at her
house. He came down to the kitchen where she was at work. She next saw
him two nights later. He did not say anything that evening. Her youngest
daughter first made a communication to her in regard to the plaintiff’s
condition on May 12th.

Counsel then addressed the jury on behalf of his client. He characterised
the case as an attorney's action, one that had been "get up" for the
occasion. He said the case was a conspiracy by the mother, the daughter,
and her family to get money out of the young man, who, although a
policeman, was a perfect fool. He was a “green” man from Oxford. He was
gulled into the house for one specific purpose.

Defendant deposed that at first he went to the house of plaintiff's
father and courted his daughter with honourable intentions. He found out
about her conduct with Allen about three weeks afterwards. He had been
to the house about a dozen or more times. He had never been improperly
intimate with the plaintiff. He had been chaffed by his brother
constables about being seen out with "Tottie Fay." When she found she
was enceinte she complained to him, and asked him for advice. He told
her she was not in trouble through him. Her mother spoke to him about
marrying the plaintiff, and offered to defray the expenses, adding that
the plaintiff could remain at her house until he could provide a home.
He told the mother be could not afford to marry, and that, as he had not
got her daughter into trouble, he would not marry her.

In cross-examination witness stated that be heard of the birth of the
child. When he went to the house Mrs. Jones said she had something to
show him, and followed up this remark by saying, "Lizzie has got a son."
He went upstairs to the bedroom, and the child was shown. to him, the
sister observing, "Look, he has got the chin-strap mark." (Laughter.)

In re-examination witness explained that he expressed his disapproval of
the remark that the child bore the chin strap mark. There was no truth
in the statement that he made arrangements for the wedding.

The Under-sheriff summed up, and the jury gave £10. damages.
