ALLEGED PARRICIDE NEAR BIRMINGHAM

THE Birmingham police have arrested a young man, named William Workman,
nineteen years of age, on a charge of having caused the death of his
father, a shoe-maker, in Ventnor-road, Hockley. A quarrel took place on
Saturday evening, and when the police were called in the body of the
deceased was found in the hall, bleeding from a wound in the neck. The
accused stated that his father was about to attack him with a knife, and
in endeavouring to wrest it from his hand the blade penetrated his neck.
In the pockets of the deceased were found a number of spurious florins
and half-sovereigns, and coining plant was found in the house.

_____________________________

MURDER BY A Boy. —A boy named Wittmann, fifteen years old, has been
arrested at Vienna for the murder of the little sister of a man named
Seinwald, to whom he was apprentice. Wittman indecently assaulted the
girl, who was only fourteen, and on her threatening to tell her friends
he attacked and killed her.

FATAL GUN ACCIDENT. —On Saturday as Hugh M'Callum, the proprietor of the
hotel and farm at Kinlochailort, near Fort William, was proceeding along
a road, accompanied by a shepherd, the latter's gun accidentally went
off, and the contents struck M'Callum's leg just below the knee.
M'Callum died shortly after wards.

ATTEMPTED MURDER OF A YOUNG WOMAN. —Before the Nottingham magistrates,
on Monday, Samuel Gale, of Derby, was charged with attempting to murder
Annie Hunt, of Leicester, at a coffee tavern in Nottingham on Sunday
night. The pair stayed together that night at a café, and in the morning
the woman was found in bed with her throat cut. On the man being
questioned he said he did not know what possessed him to do it. He was
remanded.

A WOMAN'S HEAD BATTERED IN. —At Manchester, on Monday, a man named
Meadow Croft was charged with the murder of his wife at Gorton. The
prisoner attended: at the town-hall on Sunday, and stated that he had
knocked his wife down. On the police proceeding to the house they found
the woman dead, with her head battered in and her body bearing many
marks of violence. The prisoner, who declared that he only hit her with
his fist, was remanded.

DEATH FROM CHLOROFORM. —An inquest was held at Stockport Infirmary, on
Saturday, relating to the death of Thomas M'Candlish, sixty-four,
commercial traveller, Bredbury. A number of doctors at the infirmary
were administering chloroform to M'Candlish when he died. The
house-surgeon, Mr. Bellamy, was examined. He stated that M'Candlish
inhaled but one drachm and a half, whereas witness had given patients
two ounces. A verdict of death from chloroform was returned, and the
medical men were exonerated.

ROBBERY FROM LORD ROSSLYN. —George Jarvis, seventeen, groom, was
indicted, at the London Sessions, for having stolen two portmanteaus and
other articles, value £200, the goods of the Earl of Rosslyn. On the 5th
of October a quantity of luggage, the property of the Earl of Rosslyn,
was placed in a cab at the King's-cross Station, and the driver was
ordered to drive to the Turf Club. There the person hiring the cab got
out. Shortly afterwards the prisoner came out of the club and ordered
the cabman to drive to Charing-cross. He then told him to drive on to an
hotel in Villiers-street, and the goods were taken inside The waiter at
the hotel paid the cabman 4s. 6d., and the prisoner paid him 6d.
Sergeant Parmenter, C Division, arrested the prisoner next day, and then
found a quantity of the goods in Villier-street, and the remainder in a
house in Percy-street, Tottenham Court-road. Prisoner's defence was that
he had been led into it by another man. Six months' hard labour.

ALARMING ACCIDENT NEAR LEICESTER-SQUARE. —An accident, which might have
had serious consequences, happened in St. Martin's-street,
Leicester-square, about half-past one on Monday. A mineral-water van was
standing at the Leicester-square end of St. Martin's-street, while the
driver was having his dinner, when one of the horses took fright, and,
rushing down the street, cannoned a Great Northern Railway van, breaking
the pole and the axle of the off side wheel, with the result that it
turned over. Continuing their career the horses of successfully got
round the corner, but the suddenness of the curve caused several boxes
of minerals to be hurled to the ground with a crash. The horses then
rushed on across Whitcomb-street, but were brought to a standstill by
the stable gates of Waterloo House and Swan and Edgar's (Limited).
Trying to turn suddenly one of the horses fell, breaking the poll and
scattering the glass bottles far and wide. The scene outside the Horse
and Groom was one of great excitement for about half an hour.

CHARGE AGAINST A CLERGYMAN. —At Portsmouth, the Rev. William Radclyff,
who is said to have been ordained in the colonies, and who was curate of
Meeres Ashby in 1889, was brought up on three charges of obtaining goods
by false pretences. According to the evidence the prisoner obtained
jewellery, giving references to professional men well known in the town,
and then pawned it. He was committed for trial, but at his own request
the case was sent to the assizes, as he would have had wait three months
for trial at the sessions.
