ABUSE OF THE TRUNCHEON.

WILLIAM CROLY, twenty-one, sawyer, of 28, Trinity-road, Rotherhithe, was
charged, on remand, at the Greenwich Police-court, with rescuing a
prisoner from the lawful custody of Police constable Cocket, 32 M, and
with assaulting the constable and stealing his truncheon. Louisa Croly,
thirty-nine, mother of the other prisoner, was charged with, assaulting
Police-constable French, 250 M. Arnold Croly, thirty-nine, of Acorn
place. Rotherhithe, father of the first prisoner, was charged, on
remand, with assaulting Police-constable Cooket. It appeared from the
evidence that Cocket arrested Arnold Croly, when the son rescued him and
took the constable's whistle. A large crowd assembled. Cocket followed
Arnold home, and in Trinity-road brickbats and broken glass were thrown
from the windows at Cocket and French, who had to use their truncheons
as bats to keep off the missiles. The female prisoner got French's hand
in her mouth and gnawed his thumb to the bone. With assistance William
and Louisa were taken to the station, and Arnold was arrested a few days
later. William Croly said the constables boat him on the head with their
truncheons, and be appeared in court with surgical bandages on the head,
Croly produced two handkerchiefs saturated with blood, and said that the
police broke in the door and windows of the house. He had been married
that day, and they were having "a bit of a jollification."
Police-constable French said that the younger prisoner's bride was the
most sensible of all present on the occasion. The constables admitted
using their truncheons, and said they aimed blows at the arms and legs
of young Croly, but they took effect on the head. The neighbourhood was
a very rough one. Mr. Marsham, after a long hearing, said that French
and Cooket both appeared to have drawn their truncheons and to have
struck all the prisoners with them. No doubt there was some violence,
but not enough to justify so free a use of the truncheon. French
appeared to have used the truncheon too freely. He discharged the two
male prisoners, and fined the woman, or fourteen days, saying she would
have been sent to prison without the option of a fine had it not been
that she was struck.

________________________

SHOCKING FATALITY. —An inquest was held on Friday at # Grange, near
Dorking, on the body of Mr. Ernest Hensley, aged seventeen years, who
died from a gunshot wound caused by his cousin, Mr. Guy Burnett. The
latter was on a visit at Pratsham Grange, and he and the deceased had
been out rabbit shooting with another friend. They were wishing this
friend good-bye when Mr. Burnett accidentally touched the trigger of his
gun, and the contents lodged in Hensley's head. Death was instantaneous.
The jury returned a verdict of accidental death.
