A PLUMSTEAD ROMANCE.

AT the Woolwich Police-court, on Saturday, Mrs. Slade, wife of the
landlord of the Rose Inn, Plumstead, attended before the presiding
magistrate to ask his assistance in endeavouring to recover her
daughter, Mary Ann (known as Polly), who disappeared from home nine days
ago, and who had not since been traced. She stated that her daughter,
who would be sixteen next September, had formed an attachment for the
barman, Christian Tennyson Hopper, twenty-five years of age. Applicant
said her husband disapproved of it, and the barman was discharged,
shortly after which the girl disappeared at even o'clock one morning. A
day or two afterwards they received the following letter from her:
—"Dear mother; don't worry about me. I am happy and in a good house. I
am much happier than when I was at home, for I don't get a cross word
said to me, I could not put up with any longer, for he nearly drove me
mad. I would not leave this situation for £4 a week, for I am very happy
and I know the place is all right. I may come house to see you in a
little time, but pray don't worry. You will be surprised when you see me
home again after a little time. Give my love to the boys (her brothers).
If am as happy as a queen. I would rather be here than anywhere else.
When I come home I don't want to see, only you, dear mother. I am very
happy. Don't think I am raking the streets; for I am far from that. This
is all I have to say at present. Your ever loving daughter, P. SLADE."
The letter bore the London post mark, and no address was given. The
name, left blank, does not refer to the barman. The missing girl is
entitled, under her grandfather's will, to property worth £2,000,
besides £200 ready money in the Woolwich Equitable Building Society.
Inquiries show that no attempt has been made to draw any of the latter
sum out, and so far as is known she left without money. Another letter
has been received by Hopper promising to send him her address when she
gate settled, and sending her love and kisses. Bills were issued
offering £5 reward for information of her whereabouts, and this sum is
now increased to £20. Hopper's father is a foreman in the Royal Arsenal.
His son, Christian, first went to the Rose Inn as potman, but was
subsequently made barman. The family state that Polly's parents know
they were attached, to each other, and that they all went together to
the London theatres. He bought her an engagement ring, which-eke wore
about the house. They are also said to have known that the young people
went about and were photographed together, and beat for some months they
offered no objection to the courtship. A month ago the parents heard
some false reports about Hopper, who became ill and went home. Polly
took him wine jelly, and other delicacies from her home, and with her
parents’ permission. One day be found a letter in the basket stating
that his employer did not require his services any longer. The letter
caused Hopper and the girl great distress. A suggestion was made to her
parents that the engagement should be broken off for a year, and that if
at the end of that time he could become manager of a good house and in a
better position, the acquaintance should be renewed, but this was not
listened to, and she ran away.
