CHARGE AGAINST A TICKET OF LEAVE MAN.

ALFRED FOUNTAIN SUTCHFIELD, fifty-seven, farmer, the holder of a ticket
of leave, of Heath-villas, Vale of Health, Hampstead-heath, and Reet's
Farm. The Hyde, Hendon, was brought up on a warrant on Thursday, and
charged before Mr. Glover at the Highgate Police-court, with obtaining
by false pretences the sum of £3 from Mrs. Ellen Benton the wife of Mr.
William Benton, landlord of the Rose and Crown, Highgate. Mrs. Benton
deposed that on August 10th, when her husband was away from home,
prisoner, whom she had known for some time as a customer, came in and
asked her to cash a cheque for £3. He said that he had been to the bank,
but could not get the money, as his account had been transferred to
another branch. She knew that her husband had cashed one of the
prisoner's cheques for a neighbour on a previous occasion. Mr. William
Benton stated that he paid the cheque into the Highgate branch of the
London and South-Western Bank on August 18th. Two days later it was
returned marked "Refer to drawer." Heat once wrote to the prisoner, who
came the next day and marked the cheque, "Pay out of reserve." Witness
paid the cheque in again, but it was returned, and he then communicated
with the police. He also wrote to prisoner, who sent a telegram, "Letter
will follow. Cannot come today." The letter, which came next day, stated
that he had been engaged all day, and had paid £100 into the bank, He
had assigned the deeds of the farm." Prisoner had opened negotiations
with witness for the purchase of the Rose and Crown, but they came to
nothing. Detective-sergeant Couchman, Y Division, stated that he was in
company with Hill, 879 Y, the previous morning, keeping watch on the
“private and registered address" of the prisoner in The Vale, Hampstead,
when the prisoner came out and was arrested. When the warrant was read
over to him, he said, "I was going to pay that to-day; that will be all
right." At Hampstead Police-station he was searched, and amongst others
things twenty-six used cheques, a bank pass-book, and a pay-in book were
found. The prisoner's house in The Vale was searched, but nothing was
found there. Witness then went to Reet’s Farm, Hendon, and there found a
number of memoranda, which would prove of great use in connection with
other charges to be brought against the prisoner. One of the charges
would he in reference to Reet's Farm, of which he had Witness had spoken
to the obtained possession. Witness had spoken to the manager of the
Highgate Bank, and was informed that prisoner did pay a cheque for £100
into the Kilburn branch of the bank on August 20th, but it was no good.
The manager also said that prisoner had a lot of "paper," all of which
was useless. Since Mr. Beaton first made complaint prisoner had passed
thirty-five useless cheques through the bank. Prisoner was remanded.
