THE HORWICH MURDER.

AT the Liverpool Assizes, on Friday, Robert Gay, forgeman, was indicted
for the murder of his infant daughter, at Horwich. It was stated that
when in drink the accused used to tax his wife with being intimate with
a neighbour, who he alleged was the father of their last two children.
In the course of a quarrel in April last he drove his wife out of the
house, and then cut the child's throat, nearly severing the head from
the body. He then cut his own throat, but the wound was not serious, and
he recovered. The allegation against the wife was denied, and it was
stated that the prisoner, though sane on all other subjects, was crazy
on this; but he only alluded to it when in drink. He was found guilty of
wilful murder and sentenced to death. He received the sentence calmly,
and when leaving the dock called out that his wife and the neighbour had
caused his death and that of his daughter, and he hoped they would look
after the children for his sake.

TERRIBLE MINING ACCIDENT. —A terrible accident has occurred at a mine
near Calumet, Michigan, where a cage containing ten men was dusted to
pieces, owing to a breakage of a coupling pin. The shaft down which the
cage fell was 3,000 feet deep, and all the occupants of the cage were
instantaneously killed.

EXTRAORDINARY CATCHES OF MACKEREL. —One of the largest hauls of mackerel
ever known on the western coast was made on Friday morning in the West
Bay, at Abbotsbury, Dorset, when over 30,000 fine fish were landed. They
were despatched by earliest trains to Loudon and other great centres.
Another extraordinary catch was made on Monday, consisting of over
100,000 fish.

LAWLESSNESS IN LIMERICK. —The principal window of the City Court-house,
at Limerick, was broken with stones on Saturday night, the woodwork and
four panes of glass being forced in with such violence that at first it
was thought explosives had been used. No arrests have been made, nor can
any motive be assigned for the outrage.
