FORGERY BY A WOMAN.

ON Monday, at the Central Criminal Court, Mary Agnes Illingworth, aged
twenty, tutor, who was convicted at the July Sessions of offences under
the Post Office Acts, was brought up for judgment. Mr. Gill, on behalf
of the prisoner, pointed out that she belonged to a most respectable
family, and up to the present charges she had borne an excellent
character. At the time that she committed the offences, and for some
time previously, she had been suffering from a very severe attack of
hysteria, and had had to be attended by two medical men, and this
appeared to have been the cause of her conduct. Of course the Post
Office authorities had been put to very great annoyance and
inconvenience, but as regarded the forgery no actual pecuniary loss had
been sustained. As to the charges and imputations made by the prisoner
in the letters and postcards, which formed the subject of one of the
indictments, there was not the slightest grounds for them. The father of
the prisoner, her nurse, medical adviser, and the vicar of Upper
Tooting, the locality in which she resided, were called to speak as to
the state of the health of Miss Illingworth during the period over which
the offences of extended. The Recorder, in passing sentence, told the
prisoner that he respited sentence in order that the fullest inquiry
might be made into her state of health. He had heard the evidence
adduced as to her health, but at the same time it was impossible to deal
with cases of this kind unless he treated them as most serious. By a
remarkable facility, which she undoubtedly possessed, of imitating
handwriting, she had jeopardised the liberty and character of a young
lady, the complainant, against whom no charge could have been made; and
so successfully had she imitated handwriting that she had deceived a
most experienced expert in handwriting, and the young lady was in an ace
of being convicted on a groundless charge. She (the prisoner) had been
convicted on two charges-although there were many other charges which he
did not think it necessary should be proceeded with. She had been
convicted of forging an order for the payment of money, the forgery
being due to her skill in imitating handwriting, which she no doubt
believed would avoid detection. In addition, the jury had found her
guilty of sending libelous postcards and letters through the post; and,
notwithstanding the kindness of the late Mr. Raikes, when
Postmaster-General—who, having had the matter drawn to his attention,
promised not to take steps against her if she would desist in her
conduct—she still persisted in sending the objection-able missives,
having given her assurance not to do so. He ordered her to be imprisoned
and kept at hard labour for fifteen months. As she left the dock the
prisoner impudently exclaimed, "You will all live to regret it."

___________________________

SAD DEATH OF A SCHOOLBOY.

AT St. Thomas's Hospital, on Monday, Mr. A. Braxton Hicks, Coroner for
the South-Western District of the County of London, held an inquiry into
the circumstances attending the death of Garnet Robert Carrington, aged
twelve years, son of John Carrington, gamekeeper, of Wradness, Essex.
Mr. E. Godden, assistant master, appeared to watch the case on behalf of
the Orphan Working School, Haverstock-hill, N.W. It appeared that on the
18th July last deceased and several school companions were engaged in
playing cricket in an adjoining space near the school, when Carrington
struck his left arm with his bat. He was admitted to the school
infirmary on the 29th, and got better. On the 2nd of August the deceased
received a parcel, when several of his school mates gathered around him
to ascertain its contents. In their eagerness the deceased was pushed
down, and his left arm was bent beneath, and broken. He was again
admitted to the school infirmary, where he remained until the 15th of
the same month, when it was deemed expedient to remove him to St.
Thomas's Hospital, under the care of Mr. Clutton, who discovered that
Carrington was suffering from fracture of surgical neck of humerus
(left). On the 31st of August an excision of the head of the left arm
was made. He gradually grew worse, and died. John Herbert Fisher said he
was one of the house-surgeons at St. Thomas's Hospital. The deceased was
a delicate boy, and lost a great quantity of blood. Death took place on
the 13th inst. from exhaustion, following the fracture of the head of
the left arm caused by striking himself with a bat while playing at
cricket. Mr. Algernon Coote, secretary to the Orphan School, proved that
he visited the deceased, and the latter told him that his injuries were
the result of an accident. The jury returned a verdict of accidental
death.
