FORGERY BY A YOUNG LADY.

AT the Old Bailey, Mary Agnes Illingworth, aged twenty, who was
convicted at the July Session of offences under the Post Office Acts,
was brought up for judgment. Mr. Gill, on behalf of the prisoner,
pointed out that she belonged to a most respectable family, and up to
the present charges she had borne an excellent character. At the time
that she committed the offences, and for some time previously, she had
been suffering from a very severe attack of hysteria, and was attended
by two medical men. This appeared to have been the cause of her conduct.
Of course, the Post-office authorities had been put to very great
annoyance and inconvenience, but as regarded the forgery no actual
pecuniary loss had been sustained. As to the charges and imputations
made by the prisoner in the letters and post cards which formed the
subject of one of the indictments, there was not the slightest grounds
for them. The father of the prisoner, her nurse, medical adviser, and
the vicar of Upper Tooting, the locality in which she resided, were
called to speak as to the state of the health of the prisoner during the
period over which the offences complained of extended. The Recorder, in
passing sentence, told the prisoner that he respited sentence in order
that the fullest inquiry might be made into her state of health. He had
heard the evidence adduced, but at the same time it was impossible to
deal with cases of this kind unless he treated them as most serious. By
a remarkable facility, which she undoubtedly possessed, of imitating
handwriting, she had jeopardized the liberty and character of a young
lady-the complainant—against whom no charge could have been made; and so
successfully had she imitated her handwriting that she had deceived a
most experienced expert, and the young lady was within an ace of being
convicted on a groundless charge. She had also been convicted of
forgery. In addition to this the jury had found her guilty of sending
libelous postcards and letters through the post, and notwithstanding the
kindness of the late Mr. Raikes, when Postmaster-General, who having had
the matter drawn to his attention, promised not to take steps against
her if she would desist in her conduct, he still persisted in sending,
the objectionable! missives, having given her assurance not to do so. He
ordered her to be imprisoned and kept at hard labour for fifteen months.
As she left the dock the prisoner exclaimed in an impudent tone, "You
will all live to regret it "
