THE ANERLEY TRAGEDY.

AT the Lambeth Police-court, William Kemp, sixty, described as a
labourer, of Trenholme-road, Anerley, was charged, on remand, with the
wilful murder of George Hayter, by striking him on the head with a
poker. He was further charged with assaulting his wife, Marian Kemp, by
striking her on the head with a poker. Mr. F G. Frayling, from the
Solicitors' Department of the Treasury, appeared for the prosecution;
and Mr. Arthur E. Eves, solicitor, defended. Mr. Frayling said the
prisoner, his wife, and the deceased man all lived in a small
four-roomed house in Trenholme road, Penge. The prisoner was in the
employ of the Lewisham Board of Works, and was out all day at his work.
On the night of the 10th he returned home about six o'clock. His wife
was boiling some eggs, and Hayter, who was an old man, was sitting on a
chair reading a newspaper. The wife said, "You have been drinking," and
prisoner then picked up a poker and struck his wife with it. She ran out
of the room, followed by the prisoner. Hayter, who was apparently very
much frightened, ran into the back garden, and there met the prisoner,
who immediately struck him several blows with the poker. Police-sergeant
Barrett, 8 P, said the prisoner when in the cells at the station made
the following statement: "When I returned home from work she commenced
going on at me, as she did on Sunday. This is why I hit her, and I hit
the old man because he is as bad as she is." Mrs. Susan Chick, who lived
next door to the house in which the prisoner lived, said Mrs. Kemp ran
through her house with her head bleeding. The prisoner followed a few
seconds afterwards with a poker in his hand, and got into the garden at
the rear of the house. There he met Hayter, and struggled with him. She
saw the prisoner strike Hayter on the head twice with the poker. She
went to the street door for assistance, and then went to the window of
the back room and saw Hayter lying on the ground. She knew the prisoner
and his wife were accustomed to "jangle" occasionally. Re-examined: The
deceased man was in a very feeble state of health. William Chick, an
intelligent boy, said he was in the garden when Hayter scrambled over
the fence. About the same time the prisoner came out with the poker. The
men struggled, and the prisoner, holding Hayter with his left hand,
struck him over the head with the poker with his right hand. When the
prisoner had struck the second blow Hayter called out, "Oh! Will; let me
live this day." Prisoner said nothing, but struck him another blow.
Hayter then fell down, and while he was on the ground the prisoner
struck him another blow on the back of the head. Medical evidence having
been given, showing that death was the result of the injuries received,
Mr. Hopkins again remanded the prisoner.
