THE HAMPSTEAD MURDER.

[SUBJECT OF ILLUSTRATION]

AT the Marylebone Police-court, on Tuesday, Eleanor Wheeler, otherwise
Pearcey, was brought up before Mr. Cooke on remand charged with the
murder of Mrs. Phoebe Hogg and her infant daughter on the 24th of last
month at Hampstead. There was again a large crowd outside the building,
and great anxiety was shown to gain admission to the court. The prisoner
was brought down the prison van from Holloway. Detective Edward Parsons
gave evidence as to the examination of the bloodstains in the kitchen.
The other officers who were with him left, and he was for a time in the
front room with the prisoner at 2, Priory-road. She said, "I have not
told a lie. I have not been asked a question. Mrs. Hogg did come here at
six o'clock, and asked me to lend her two shillings and to mind the
child. I told her I could not lend her the money as I had none, and I
could not mind the child as I was going out. I told Clara Hogg about it,
and she advised me to say nothing about it, as it would be such a
disgrace if people thought her husband kept her short of money."
Afterwards the prisoner said, "I do not enjoy very good health. On
Thursday night when I came home my nose bled violently." On the 31st of
October he handed over to Dr. Pepper certain articles found in the
prisoner's room. Ellen Barrand, of 141, Prince of Wales-road, said she
was the land-lady of the house. She knew the prisoner, as she had gone
backwards and forwards to her house, where Mr. and Mrs. Hogg had lived.
A fortnight before the murder she saw the prisoner ring the first floor
bell. Mrs. Hogg's mother was out, and the deceased woman came down and
opened the door. Mrs. Hogg and the prisoner stood talking for a few
moments, after which they both went upstairs. The prisoner remained
there a short time. Either on the Thursday or Friday before the murder
she heard the door-bell ring, and a boy go away from the door after
speaking to someone. Charles Britt, a carman, having stables in
Priory-mews, said that he was going through Priory-street on the
afternoon of October 24th, when he saw a woman with a perambulator knock
at the door of the house No. 2. The door was opened by a woman, but he
could not say whether it was the prisoner. Mr. Hogg was recalled and
asked a number of questions as to where he was working on the day of the
murder, and his statements substantially bore out the evidence
previously given by him. Mr. Bond, of Westminster Hospital, repeated the
medical testimony given by him at the inquest. He said there was no
blood in the passage or front room. The floor of the kitchen had the
appearance of having been cleaned. He examined prisoner's hands at
Kentish-town Police-station after her arrest, and found several
superficial scratches and abrasions which had been recently inflicted.
Some of the hairs found in the prisoner's kitchen corresponded with
those of the deceased woman. The severing of the head would enable it to
be doubled either under or above the body, and thus the body could be
more easily placed in the bassinette. He could not say whether or not
the stains in the kitchen were human blood. Professor Pepper was the
next witness called. He deposed that he had made a post-mortem
examination of the deceased woman and her infant child. He believed Mrs.
Hogg's throat was cut while the heart was beating. The child had died
either from suffocation or exposure. He had made an examination of
thirty-five articles found in the prisoner's rooms. A great number of
them were stained with blood. The prisoner, who said she would reserve
her defence, was committed for trial.

The Recorder, in charging the Grand Jury at the opening of the November
sessions of the Central Criminal Court on Monday morning, said:
Gentlemen of the Grand Jury, there have been one hundred prisoners added
to the calendar since the last sitting of the Court; but that is not a
large number considering the interval. I am sorry to see, however, that
there are several cases wherein life has been lost under circumstances
which justify charges of crime. Of those three are charges of murder and
two of manslaughter; in addition to which there are several charges or
attempting to murder, while there are twelve prisoners charged with
robbery with violence. The most serious case of all is that against a
young woman named Mary Eleanor Pearcey, who stands charged with the
double murder of a young woman and her baby. The young woman's name was
Phoebe Hogg. It appears that the prisoner had been on terms of intimacy
with the husband of the murdered woman for some years, and a long
correspondence shows that she was devotedly attached to him, and had
been cohabiting with him immorally for five years. About two years ago
he was married to Phoebe Hogg, and had one child. At the time the
offence was committed the mother and baby went by invitation of the
prisoner to her house, and while there both were murdered—the woman
first and afterwards her baby. The rooms showed many signs of a serious
crime having been committed. There was blood in different parts of two
rooms, on a portion of the prisoner's dress, and on two knives found in
the table drawer in the kitchen, where the violence was obviously
perpetrated. There are, therefore, over-whelming reasons why she should
be put upon her trial and charged with this serious offence. The crime
having been committed in the house, where there were other persons who
do not appear to have heard anything which particularly attracted their
attention, the body was taken for a mile without observation. After that
the body of the baby was taken away and thrown into a field. The
depositions are of great length, because everyone who saw anything
material to the charge was called before the magistrate, but it will not
be necessary that you should go into these matters of detail. All that
you are required to do is to see that there is such a prima facie case
as will enable you to say that the prisoner ought to be put upon her
trial. Probably the evidence of the policeman who went to the room and
that of one or two others will be sufficient. The learned recorder referred
briefly to the other charges of murder, and the grand jurors were
dismissed to their duties.
