THE JOCKEY AND THE WIDOW.

IN the Appeal Court on Thursday, before the Master of the Rolls and Lord
Justices Lindley and Bowen, the ease of Franklin v. Wilson came on for
hearing. This was an appeal of the defendant, Mr. E. P. Wilson, a
gentleman jockey, against the judgment of Mr. Justice Bruce and the jury
awarding the plaintiff, who is a widow, £500 damages for breach of
promise of marriage. Mr. Scarlett appeared for the appellant, and the
respondent was represented by Mr. Wildey Wright. Mr. Scarlett, who
opened the case for the appellant, contended that the theory put forward
by the plaintiff, that the letters written were part of a plot to blind
Polly Clark, was absurd. The Master of the Rolls: This gentleman seems
to have been a sort of Don Juan. Mr. Scarlet: There was no doubt but he
was a little change able. The Master of the Rolls: A free and easy
gentleman. Mr. Scarlett: He fell under this lady's fascination when he
was with her, and she could do what she liked with him. The Master of
the Rolls: When he was in sight he could not help it, and when out of
sight he could Mr. Scarlett said that Polly Clarke and Mr. Franklin had
joined forces against Wilson. The Master of the Rolls: Only naturally.
He had deceived both Polly and the widow. He seems to have gone about
promising marriage. Mr. Scarlett said he was prepared to take the risk
of a new trial. He contended that the damages against this tenant-farmer
were excessive. Justice Lindley: Did you not run the damages up yourself
by bringing all this out about the hair, the cab, and the drink. The
Master of the Rolls: One of your witnesses called her a "dead boozer."
It was an Insulting breach of promise.

After further argument the Master of the Rolls asked what did the
defendant go to the Golden Cross Hotel at Oxford, forty miles from his
own place for, except to make love to the landlady? This man would have
his pleasures. Mr. Scarlett: The question is, has he not paid too much
for his pleasures. The Master of the Rolls: We cannot say that. If the
jury found that the letters were part of a plot, they were not right.
The letters did not amount to a recision of the engagement whether they
were genuine or not. Whenever the time care to marry her he was always
shuffling off. He missed the train on two occasions. Men who want to
marry women don't miss trains. (Laughter.) His letter was an unmanly
one, and her's was an ordinary feminine one. (Laughter.) There never was
a clearer case. Ho had taken a fancy to this landlady of the hotel and
promised her marriage. He had hampered himself with someone else. When
he was at home he preferred Polly, and when in the widow's company he
preferred her. (Laughter.) He (the Master of the Rolls) had no doubt
that Polly was instrumental in his missing the trains. He would have
found the same verdict as the jury had done in five minutes. As regards
the damages, the defendant had insulted her. He had called her a
drunkard. He had broken off the engagement in an insulting and unfeeling
manner. Lord Justices Lindley and Bowen concurred. The appeal was
therefore dismissed with costs.
