TERRIBLE ASSAULTS UPON CONSTABLES

AT the Central Criminal Court, John Milligan, twenty-two, Samuel
Milligan, nineteen, and George Martin, nineteen, were indicted for
maliciously wounding Police constables Smeeth and Tappin with intent to
murder them. Mr. Elliot and Mr. Biron prosecuted, and Mr. Lawless
defended Martin. The evidence in connection with the case, which related
to an attempted burglary at Maze-hill Station, Greenwich, and to the
subsequent violent assaults on the police who endeavoured to arrest the
prisoners, will be fresh in the public recollection. On behalf of the
prisoner Martin a number of witnesses were called to prove an alibi. Mr.
Justice Day, in addressing the jury, said there was in this country an
admirable police force, who did their duty, as they had done it in this
case, nobly. The jury acquitted Martin, and convicted the Milligan’s.
The two latter were described by the police as being notoriously bad
characters and "pests" and "terrors" to the neighbourhood. John Milligan
was sentenced to fifteen sad Samuel Milligan to seven years. His
lordship awarded the officer Smeeth £20, Tappan £10, and Inspector
Easton £5.

_________________________

BEFORE the mining section of the Labour Commission, Mr. W. Jenkins,
general manager of the Ocean Coal Company's Steam Collieries, situated
in the Rhondda Valley and the neighbourhood, gave an outline of the
conditions of labour in that district. He said that during the last ten
years the average loss of life had been one for every 196,000 tons of
coals produced. Since 1886 the colliers' wages had risen from 4s. 11d. a
day to 7s. 3d.

MURDEROUS ASSAULT ON A PARAMOUR. —Richard Harris, aged forty-seven,
broker was indicted, at the Central Criminal Court, for maliciously
wounding Emily Smith, with intent to murder. Smith had been cohabiting
with Harris for some years. On January 4th he returned home, and angry
words passing between the parties it was alleged that Harris bolted the
doors of the house and then savagely attacked the woman with a pair of
tongs, and afterwards with a poker and a chopper, inflicting nineteen
terrible wounds. The jury found the prisoner guilty. He urged, in
mitigation, that he had taken the woman from a bad life with the view of
reforming her. The prisoner was ordered to be kept in penal servitude
for seven years.

ARREST OF A NOTORIOUS BURGLAR. —A middle-aged man, named Thomas Stone,
who has been twice convicted for burglary, one of his sentences being
five years’ penal servitude, and once for housebreaking, was charged, at
the Wandsworth Police-court, with burglariously breaking and entering
14, Lavender terrace, Battersea, and stealing therefrom eight sheets,
six table-cloths, eight men's shirt, and other articles, which were
entrusted to Sophia Coles, a laundress, to wash. Police-constable
Watkins, 127 V, said that at a quarter to six that morning he was on
duty in Falcon-road, and saw the prisoner carrying a sack on his
shoulder. He naked him what he had, and he replied, "Look and see." He
threw the sack down and ran off. Witness followed and overtook him. He
walked quietly to the station. He threw a candle away, and on him were
found three boxes of silent matches and two wax tapers. The sack was
found to contain the stolen property. Mrs. Coles identified the
property, and said that the house had been entered by the kitchen
window. Mr. Plowden remanded the prisoner.
