SHOCKING DEATH OF A LONDON BANKER

ON Friday Mr. A. Braxton Hicks, deputy-coroner for the Western Division
of Middlesex, held an inquiry at Hillingdon House, near Uxbridge, into
the circumstances attending the death of Mr. Henry Richard Cox, aged
eighty-seven years, a member of the well-known banking firm of Cox and
Co., of Charging-cross, who died on the 23rd inst. Mr. Frederick Cox, of
3, Grosvenor crescent, S. W., identified the deceased as his uncle, and
stated that he resided at Hillingdon House. The witness last saw him
alive and well on the 20th inst. Two days later he heard that be had
with an accident, and witness arrived at the house just as he was dying.
Joseph Brooks, valet to the deceased, stated that Mr. Cox was in his
usual health on Tuesday. At a quarter to eight o'clock in the evening
the witness left him in his room sitting in an armchair near the fire
whilst he went to get the tray ready, for dinner. Upon returning, after
an absence of five minutes, he found the deceased lying on the mat much
burned. The room was full of smoke. The old gentleman always used to
steady himself when getting out of his chair by catching hold of the
mantelpiece. When witness left him he was dosing. Frederick Shaw, valet
and footman to Sir Charles Cox, who also resided at Hillingdon House,
stated that on the evening in question he was opposite the deceased’s
room when he heard him groaning. Upon entering the apartment, which was
full of smoke, he discovered Mr. Cox lying on the fender. He lifted him
up and placed him on a rug. He was really lying in the fender with his
right side near the fire, and when witness raised him his clothes
"blazed up." Having extinguished the flames as quickly as possible,
witness called a doctor and other assistance. The deceased was wearing a
loose dressing-gown. When he had been lifted up be asked, “Who's that?”
and upon witness answering “Frederick," the deceased added, "Thank God."
Dr. Charles Roberts, of Uxbridge, deposed that he had attended the
deceased professionally for twenty-four years. He was a hale and hearty
man. On Tuesday morning witness visited him, and found that he was
suffering from slight indigestion. In the evening, at half-past seven
o'clock, his partner saw him, and was sent for after the accident,
witness following at a quarter to nine. The deceased was then in a very
exhausted condition and only partially conscious. Death caused at
half-past twelve midnight. Upon making a subsequent examination of the
body witness found extensive and deep burns on the back of the head, the
right side, side of face, nose, neck, shoulder, arm, and the whole of
the right side down to the hip. The cause of death was shock to the
system following the burns. The coroner having remarked upon the sad
nature of the case, the jury returned a verdict of accidental death.

__________________________

ALLEGED SERIOUS ASSAULT. —A SINGULAR CASE. — George White, nineteen,
described as a coal trimmer, of 143, Hooper's-road, Custom-house, and
Annie Hurley, twenty-six, an unfortunate, of 47, Martindale-road,
Canning Town, was brought up on remand, before Mr. Cook, at the West Ham
Police-court, charged with being concerned together in violently
assaulting a seaman named John Kent at 73, Martindale-road, Canning
Town. Mr. Sharman conducted the prosecution, but the injured man was
still unable to appear owing to the injuries he had received. Mr.
Sharman understood it would be at least four months before the man could
attend, if ever, for he was now paralysed and had lost his speech.
Inspector Cummings said he saw the man in the hospital on Thursday
night, and he was then in a very bad state. The doctor informed him that
there was no hope of his recovery. The prisoners were further remanded.
