EXCITING CHASE AFTER A CONVICT.

[SUBJECT OF ILLUSTRATION.]

CONSIDERABLE excitement was caused in Peterhead, on Monday morning, by a
rumour that Laurie, the Arran murderer, had made an attempt to escape
from the convict prison. It appears that Laurie, by his good behaviour,
had advanced himself to be a prisoner of the first class, and as such
had an amount of freedom which is denied to those in the lower grades.
He was employed in the carpenters' shop, and was working with a gang who
were erecting scaffolding in front of an addition to a block of warders'
houses, forming one of the lines of such blocks parallel to the Aberdeen
turnpike road. The buildings are partly enclosed by a high stone wall
and partly by a wooden fencing. About a quarter before eight in the
morning there was a very thick sea fog hanging over the land—so dense,
indeed, that, it is said, objects at one hundred yards' distance were
barely discernible, and taking advantage of this Laurie scaled the
fencing and got on to the public road. As soon as he emerged upon the
road he was discovered by Graham, the civil guard, who at once loaded
his carbine and tried to fire, but the cartridge did not go off. Before
he got it extracted and a fresh one substituted the fugitive was hidden
by the fog. The alarm was at once given, and the warders and the reserve
civil guard on duty were ordered out for the pursuit. Unfortunately for
the success of Laurie's exploit the sun shone out and dispelled the fog,
and his line of flight was made visible. One warder got his bicycle, and
seeing that Laurie must needs cross the Blackhills-road, sped along it
to intercept him. Those who witnessed the pursuit describe it as very
exciting while it lasted. The people who live at Bellevue Cottage,
hearing the whistling of the warders, looked out, but seeing a man in
convict dress approaching, they shut and bolted the door. Laurie,
however, did not seek the shelter of a house, but made for the clump of
trees behind, and there he was overtaken and held. He was securely
handcuffed with his hands behind, and marched back to the prison. It is
understood that the punishment for an attempt to escape is that the
prisoner has a belt of iron riveted around his waist, similar bands
being put around his ankles, and these are bound together by heavy
chains. He has to wear these ornaments night and day. His escapade will
likely also reduce his standing from the first class, and in other ways
restrict his liberties, besides probably adding to his term of
servitude.
