LONDON COUNTY SESSIONS.

EDWARD SMITH, eighteen, a professional shoplifter, pleaded guilty to
stealing a piece of bacon from a cheesemonger’s shop in Marylebone. A
detective having proved several convictions for similar offences, the
learned chairman sent him to prison for one year, with hard labour,
remarking that he was evidently on the road to penal servitude. The
prisoner, who laughed at this, tripped lightly out of the dock.

Richard Grey, thirty-eight, labourer, pleaded guilty to stealing a
parcel of the value of about 5s., the property of a person whose name is
unknown. Henry Evans, police-constable 150 L, proved that in January of
this year he was sentenced to six months' hard labour for stealing a
clock. The learned Chairman: Prisoner, you seem to spend your time in
miserable pilfering of articles of trifling value, for which you have
suffered long imprisonments. Although the articles are of small value
the court must take the nature of the life you lead into consideration.
You must go to prison for nine months.

John Lawrence, thirty-eight, labourer, was indicted at for stealing a
cushion, value £2 10s., the property of the London and North-Western
Railway Company, from a third-class carriage at Willesden Station. He
pleaded not guilty. Chief Inspector Pearson attended on behalf of the
railway company. The cushion, which was stuffed with horsehair, was
stolen on the 16th of October. The next day Detective Buckingham,
engaged at Willesden Station, met the prisoner with another man in the
Uxbridge-road, and told him or he should take him into custody on
suspicion of stealing the cushion. He said he did not steal it, but know
where its contents had been disposed of. He in was carrying a sack at
the time, and in it was some loose horsehair which corresponded with the
hair stolen from the cushion. The prisoner said that all he had out of
the job was the price of two half-pints in of beer. The next day the
detective went to the shop of a marine store dealer named Gregory, to
Baker's-lane, Ealing, where a quantity of the stolen hair was found. On
Monday John Shaw, manager to Gregory, was called as a witness, and
admitted receiving the hair from a man he did not know. He paid
fourpence per pound for it. He made no entry of the transaction. They
had other establishments at Hounslow, Chertsey, and Brentford. The
learned Chairman directed the witness Shaw not to leave the court, as
he should have a word or two to say to him. The jury found the prisoner
guilty. It was proved that he had before been convicted of stealing
communication cords from carriages. The learned Chairman said there
could be no doubt that he was a dangerous, mischievous person, and would
have to undergo nine months' hard labour. He ordered the witness Shaw to
stand forward, and, addressing him, said: In my opinion your conduct is
very little short of receiving stolen goods. Morally, you are as bad as
the prisoner, and I shall disallow your expenses. Stand down, sir.

George Johnson, twenty, pleaded guilty to stealing thirty-two yards of
serge, value £3 10s, the property of the Great Eastern Railway Company.
The parcel was stolen from one of the company's vans while in transit to
Ipswich. A former conviction for housebreaking was proved, and a
sentence of five years' penal servitude was passed upon him.
