SEQUEL TO A BREACH OF PROMISE.

AT the Croydon Borough Police-court, John Joseph Leonard Cridland, a
brewer's traveller, of Holmwood-road, South Norwood, was summoned by
Miss Frances Hiscock, of Buxton-road, Croydon, who alleged that he was
the father of her child, and asked that he might be ordered to
contribute towards its support. Mr. E. M. Armstrong appeared for the
complainant and Mr. Letchford for the defendant. Miss Frances Hiscock
said the child in question, a boy, was born on August 22nd, 1893, and
the defendant was the father. The letter produced, dated January 3rd,
1893, was in Cridland's handwriting. It read as follows: —"My Dear
Franky, —After what you said on Saturday I suppose I must not come now,
and therefore write to say I shall pay the expenses of this affair, but
they must not exceed £10 or £12, as that is all I can afford; further, I
will allow you £1 a month for life. If I am lucky I hope to allow you a
little more, unless you should get married. —Yours very sincerely, LEN.
Let me have a line at Catford tomorrow. Best wishes. I am sure all will
be right in the end." Cross-examined: When she first made the
defendant's acquaintance she was adopting the name of Stanley for
business purposes. By "business" she meant dressmaking. She still did
dressmaking, but used no brass plate, her customers being recommended.
Before coming to Croydon she lived at 92, Byne-road, Sydenham; that was
when she first saw the defendant. She was standing at the window talking
to her sister and smoking a cigarette. She always smoked a cigarette in
the morning for indigestion. While there she was visited by Lieutenant
Glossop, of the 17th Lancers, who was now in India with his regiment.
She was not aware that there was no lieutenant of that name in the 17th
Lancers, and that that regiment was not in India. She registered the
child in the name of Hiscock. –I think you brought an action for breach
of promise against the defendant, and that there is a judgment against
him for £500 damages and costs? Yes–Have you had the money? Not a
farthing. –Have you applied for it? My solicitor has, Mrs. Cridland, the
defendant's wife, called upon her and insulted her by accusing her of
impropriety with other men; but it was not true. Mr. Letchford: Were you
indignant? Mr. Seale (chief clerk): I should think she was. (Laughter.)
Witness said she was indignant. Re-examined: The defendant told her that
he was a single man, and promised her marriage, and it was after making
that promise that he seduced her. Mrs. Ann Cridland, who was sworn on
the Old Testament, said she was the defendant's wife. When she called on
the plaintiff she accused her of impropriety on the strength of what her
husband had said, and she hung her head and shrugged her shoulders. She
invited witness to stay to tea, but she did not accept the invitation.
(Laughter.) After the trial witness received an anonymous letter card,
which ran: “Find out why she left Hounslow, and appeal against the
decision of the Court." John Joseph L. Cridland, the defendant, was then
called, and related how he saw the plaintiff, who was standing at her
window smoking, beckon him. Thinking she wanted to order some beer–
(laughter) –he went to the house. In about a minute she dressed and came
It was in Beckenham-lane out, her sister egging her on, that he
committed himself. He had given her presents. The Bench ordered the
defendant to pay 5s. a week until the child is fourteen, and £2 19s,
costs.

______________________________

HEAVY SENTENCE FOR WIFE BEATING.

AT the Marylebone Police-court, on Wednesday, William Shortling,
labourer, of Short street, Lisson-grove, was charged before Mr. Plowden
with assaulting his wife. The prisoner returned home in the early hours
of the morning, and without any apparent reason commenced striking his
wife, who was asleep in bed, about the head and face, giving her two
black eyes and severely bruising her face. She jumped out of bed, ran
into the street, and called in Police-constable 238 D, in front of whom
he again struck her a violent blow in the face, almost felling her. He
threatened to murder his wife, and said he would do six months for her.
The woman informed the magistrate that she had been married fifteen
years, and her husband had frequently assaulted her Mr. Plowden;
sentenced him to six months' hard labour.
