A MANCHESTER MYSTERY.

THE Manchester police are investigating what appears to be a most mysterious
occurrence. About nine o’clock on Thursday morning some painters went to
a house in Indigo-street, Bridge-street, Ardwick, for the purpose of
cleaning it. Not being able to gain admission they made inquiries from
the neighbours, and eventually informed the police. A constable went to
the house and broke the door open. As he could find no one in the
kitchen he proceeded upstairs. He then found one woman lying in an
unconscious state on the floor and another in a similar condition on the
bed. It appears that the women are sisters, named Elizabeth M’Guinnis,
aged about forty years, and Mary Joyce, thirty-two years of age. A
doctor was sent for, but he advised their removal, and Sergeant Gibbons
had them removed to the Ancoats Hospital. The house in which they lived
is a very small one, having only one room up and one down. When the room
was first entered the stench was shocking. Owing to its smallness it was
more like entering a stove than anything else. There was a child found
in the bed, but this was found to be all right. Both the women were seen
on Wednesday, and appeared to be all right then. On being taken to the
hospital both women were found to be still in an unconscious condition.
The stomach pump was used, but no traces of poisoning could be found,
and the doctors are at present unable to give any decision as to what
they are suffering from. A rumour gained ground in the neighbourhood
that it is a case of poisoning, but the police, who are in possession of
the house, have been unable to find anything that would give credence to
this story. Later in the afternoon the women, under the skillful
treatment of Drs. Williamson and Montgomery, recovered. They were able
to tell the medical gentlemen that they had taken nothing which would
account for the condition in which they had been found. Dr. Williamson
expressed the opinion that his patients had been overpowered by sewer
gas, and with the view of confirming that supposition be and Dr.
Montgomery intend to pay the house in Indigo-street a visit of
inspection. It is confidently expected that both the women will
ultimately completely recover, but they will be detained as in-patients
some little time.
