A QUEER DISPENSARY.

AT the North London Police-court, on Saturday, Dr. David Hyman Dyte, of
43, Poole Park, Holloway, was summoned by Mr. Charles Townley for
willfully making and issuing a false certificate concerning the death of
Susannah Elizabeth Waller, aged seven months, of 100, Palmerston-road,
in contravention of the provisions of the Births and Deaths Registration
Act, 1874; and Henry Smyth, of the same address, was summoned for
unlawfully using or sending the said certificate knowing it to be false.
Mr. Lions, barrister, defended Dyte and pleaded guilty on his behalf;
the other defendant pleaded not guilty. Mr. C. Townley, superintendent
registrar of Islington, said this case had caused a good deal of public
excitement, not only in the press but in the House of Commons. Dr. Dyte,
it appeared, was a well-known medical practitioner, carrying on business
in Derby-street, King’s-cross. He was also proprietor of a dispensary in
Poole’s Park, Holloway, a very poor neighbourhood. As far as they could
find out the only gentleman who attended there was Mr. Smyth. An
extraordinary state of affairs existed at the dispensary. The patients
were seen by a lady who prescribed for them and dispensed the medicines.
A charge of 1s. was made, and when the patients got into a bad way Mr.
Smyth appeared on the scene and a fee of 2s. or 2s. 6d was demanded. The
inquiries showed that in four cases in which deaths had occurred Dyte
had given certificates although he had never seen the child. Mr. Lions
said that Dr. Dyte had very stupidly and illegally done what was charged
against him, but there were mitigating circumstances. In this particular
once the child died on March 18th, and at that time Dr. Dyte was
confined to his house suffering from the effects of a fall, and trusting
to Mr. Smyth, who was his unqualified assistant, and knowing the
gentleman’s ability, he signed the certificate. Dr. Charles R. Drysdale,
senior physician to the Metropolitan Free Hospital, said that Dr. Dyte,
who was a distinguished student and gold medalist of the London
Hospital, was one of the best known and most able of the Jewish doctors
in London. Mr. Corser said he saw no reason why the penalty should be
mitigated, and he consequently fined Dr. Dyte £10 or one month in
default, and Smyth £5 or fourteen days in default, with costs amounting
to £1 13s. 6d. in each case.
