A CASH BOX ROBBERY.

EDWARD WILSON, fifty-six, described as a cloth- worker, was charged, at
the West London Police- court, with being concerned in stealing a
cash-box. Harry Frapurd, clerk to Mr. Walter Charles Ems, an estate
agent, of Lower Phillimore-place, Kensington, deposed that on the 27th
of July a man came into the office for £1 worth of silver, which he gave
him, and he left. Witness locked the cash-box and placed it in the desk.
Three minutes afterwards a cab drove up, and he was called out to the
prisoner, who was sitting in it. He stated that he had a house of
furniture to sell, and inquired if he could sell it. Witness said "Yes,"
and asked for the address. The prisoner gave an address in Russell-road.
While witness was talking to him another man came out of the office. He
came up and touched him (the witness) on the arm, saying, "I see you are
engaged. I'll come back in a quarter of an hour.” The man went away, and
the prisoner asked him (the witness) to tell the cabman to drive on.
Witness told the cabman, who drove off. Witness was out all day, and
inquired at the address in Russell-road, and found that there was no
furniture to be sold. The next day he found the desk wrenched open and
the cash-box, containing about £11 12s. in gold and silver, gone. On
Thursday he identified the prisoner at the Kensington Police-station.
Detective-sergeant Brogden said on Thursday he saw the prisoner and
another man on Westminster Bridge. He addressed him as "Jemmy," and said
he should take him into custody for being concerned in a number of till
robberies committed in different parts of London. He denied all
knowledge of them. In answer to the prisoner the sergeant said he had
seen the prisoner several times since July, but it did not suit him to
take him. Mr. Hopkins remanded the prisoner, who had been in trouble
before, and refused bail.

__________________________

ALL the charges for drunkenness at the West London Police-court, on
Saturday, were against women. One gave the name of Mary O'Dell. It was
stated that she fell down in St. Ann's-road, Notting-hill, while drunk,
and cut her head. Mr. Plowden inquired her age, and she said sixty-nine.
The assistant-gaoler said that she was entered on the sheet as
seventy-nine. Plowden: Women generally take ten years off their age.
(Laughter.) The assistant-gaoler said that the prisoner had been charged
several times, and in different names. The prisoner promised the
magistrate not to come before him again. Mr. Plowden ordered her to pay
a fine of 5s. The Prisoner: God bless you! thank you. (Laughter.)

A REPENTANT THIEF. —On Saturday the police of the N Division were
informed that a jewellery traveller's bag, which was stolen early in the
week, had been returned with contents untouched. The facts of the case
are these: — Last Monday a gentlemanly-looking man called at a house at
Canning-road, Highbury, where resided a traveller for a City jewellery
firm. He said he had been sent for the traveller's sample bag, and told
such a plausible story that he got possession of the bag and about £200
worth of jewellery. When the traveller returned to his home he
discovered that his bag and samples had been unlawfully obtained, and he
at once went to the Upper-street (Islington) Station and gave a
description of the man and the jewellery. While the police were still
searching for the thief he seems to have repented. Any way, he sent back
the bag per Carter Paterson, carriers. Notice accompanied this, but the
police fancy they have a clue to the man.

ON Monday, at the Mansion-House Police-court, William Wilson,
fifty-four, described as a secretary, was charged, before the Lord
Mayor, with embezzling and stealing two sums of £111 and £8. Mr. Vennell
was counsel for the prosecution, Mr. D. Norman, solicitor, appeared for
the defence. The defendant had been for the last five years’ secretary
and manager of the Warehousemen and Clerks' Permanent Building Society
of Cheapside, at a salary of £120 a year. His duty was to receive money
due from depositors, borrowers, and shareholders, and to enter the
amounts in various books, paying the total into the society's bankers
every day. Recently the directors became suspicious owing to the
increasing number of arrears, as appeared from the defendant's
statements, and the depositors' books were called in. The defendant then
admitted that he had committed a breach of trust, having lent the money
to people to save them from ruin. He also said he had never used a penny
of the money for his own purposes. The defalcations were said to amount
to about £1,500, but it was stated that there were securities to cover
the amount. The Lord Mayor remanded the defendant.
