ALLEGED OUTRAGE IN THE WEST END.

On Saturday, at the Bow-street Police-court, Thomas Jones, Duke-street,
Bloomsbury, a clerk, was summoned for an alleged assault on a woman
named Annie Ellis. The complainant made a sensational statement to Mr.
Bridge on the previous Saturday, in which she alleged that at an early
hour that morning she had been induced to accompany a man into a side
street in Oxford street, where, she averred, he knocked her down and
threatened her if she called out. At the same time she alleged that he
had an open clasp-knife in his hand, and covered her face with a white
handkerchief. She further alleged that the assault was seen by two
witnesses, who caught the man, but he escaped, and ran into a house. She
proceeded to the Tottenham-court-road Police-station with the two
witnesses and gave information. Mr. Bridge directed inquiries to be
made, with the result that the present summons was issued. Mr. P. T
Blackwell appeared for the defence. Referring to the detailed statement
made by the woman on the last occasion, he said that he understood the
woman had not been seen since. She obtained some money from the
magistrate. Mr. Vaughan asked if the police had made inquiries.
Inspector Mulford said that he had telegraphed to the address the woman
gave, at Woolwich, and a reply was received that she was not known, and
had not been seen there. Mr. Bridge had given her 1s. 6d. to pay her
fare to Woolwich, and advised her to go to the work house. Witness
afterwards saw her coming out of a public-house in Deury-lane. Nothing
was known of her in the neighbourhood. Mr. Blackwell said the fullest
possible publicity was given to her statement, and he was prepared to
give the clearest possible account of the defendant's movements on the
evening in question. Inspector Mulford said the two men who had given
their names did not appear now as witnesses. One had given a false
address, and the other was described by his landlady as a person whore
word could not be relied upon. Mr. Blackwell was instructed that one of
the witnesses called at Mr. Jones's house that morning, but he refused
to see him. Mr. Jones was a respectable young man, living with his
mother at the address given. He attributed the annoyance and trouble
caused him to the fact of having a fortnight ago charged a woman with
stealing a sovereign purse, which he wore in his waistcoat pocket. He
afterwards found it in his overcoat pocket, minus the chain, and at once
informed the police of the fact, and the woman was discharged. He
thought this charge of alleged assault had been "got up" in consequence.
The complainant and her witnesses were called, but did not answer. Mr.
Vaughan said the charge might have originated from an egregious mistake,
or might have been a trumped-up one, but the statement made by the woman
bore on it the impress of truth and necessitated inquiries. Inasmuch as
neither the complainant nor her witnesses were present it seemed that
the only conclusion that could be arrived at was that it was a
trumped-up case. It was a charge that must have caused the defendant a
considerable amount of pain, but he (Mr. Vaughan) could not do more
under the circumstances than to say that the summons would be dismissed,
and he expressed his opinion that the charge was entirely unfounded.
