BAIL COURT. —-SATURDAY.

THE QUEEN v HARRISON. —Mr. Cresswell moved for a rule to show cause why
an information in the nature of a quo warranto should not be filed
against John Harrison, Wilson Harrison, and James Harrison, commanding
them to show by what authority they exercise the offices of freemen of
the borough of Lancaster. His affidavits stated, that in April last,
John Harrison was admitted a freeman of Lancaster, on the ground of his
having served an apprenticeship under an indenture executed in the year
1800, and that immediately after he was admitted, the other two parties,
who are is sons, claimed to be admitted freemen, as entitled by birth,
and that they were accordingly admitted. He had a number of affidavits
showing that the father did not serve the apprenticeship mentioned, and
therefore, wished his lordship would grant the rule---Rule granted.

THE QUEEN v. POSTLETHWAITE. —Mr. Cresswell moved to enlarge the rule
which had been obtained against the defendant, who is an attorney at
Ulverstone, calling upon him to show cause why a criminal information
should not be filed against him for a libel. —Rule enlarged until next
term.

THE QUEEN v. THE BISHOP OF WINCHESTER. —During the sittings last term,
on the application of Dr. Free, the Court granted a rule to show cause
why a mandamus should not be issued against the Bishop of Winchester,
commanding him to hear and decide upon the appeal of Dr. Free, Fellow of
St John's College, dated the 26th of May, 1837, and award him immediate
sustenance out of the funds of the College, and the arrears thereof from
the beginning of the year 1830. Sir W. Follett now showed cause against
the rule, contending that Dr. Free has ceased to be a member of the
college many years ago, which was decided when the first rule was
obtained. A second rule had been discharged in the same manner, and this
was the fifth application. Under these circumstances he asked his
lordship to discharge the rule with costs. Dr. Free was heard in support
of the rule; after which Mr. Justice Patteson discharged it with costs.
