MIDDLESEX SESSIONS.

The December sessions commenced on Monday morning. The first issue of
the calendar contained the names of 80 prisoners, 66 charged with felony
and 14 with misdemeanor.

THE WATCH ROBBERY AT KING'S CROSS. —The first case taken was that of a
prisoner named Robinson, who was tried at the last sessions on a charge
of stealing a watch from the person of a man whose name to the jurors
was unknown, near the Victoria hotel, King's cross. On that occasion the
jury were dis charged at midnight without a verdict, being unable to
agree. The evidence given on that trial was again gone into, and two
additional witnesses were examined whose evidence removed the doubt
which existed on the former trial, and the prisoner was found
"Guilty."-Lockyer and Houlshamn, the prison officers, said the prisoner
was known in the gaols, but they were not then prepared to state what he
had been there for. Upon this sentences was respited till next session,
to allow of inquiry being made.

THE JEWEL ROBBERY BY A YOUTH. —Wm Gales, seventeen, a simple and
inoffensive looking lad, was indicted for stealing 49 watches, 157 watch
guard chains, 65 earrings, 2 diamond crosses, 489 finger rings, 204
brooches, 80 bracelets, 50 lockets, 300 shirt studs, 12 sets of
waistcoat buttons, 200 seals and charms, 189 breast pins, and 22l. in
money, the goods, &c., of Herbert Henderson, his master, in his dwelling
house. —He pleaded guilty. —The prosecutor, a jeweller, in Regent-street
and Piccadilly, stated, in answer to questions put by the court, that
the prisoner had been errand boy in his service, and had provided
himself with false keys, by means of which, on Sunday, the 16th of
September, he got into the shop during his master's absence, and packed
up the property mentioned in the charge in two bags. The value of the
whole was about 4,000l. The prisoner made off to France and procured at
Calais a passport by which he proceeded to Paris. Information was
forwarded to the Paris police, a clue having been obtained as to where
the prisoner had started to, and he was found at the Hotel du Louvre, in
possession of the greater portion of the stolen property. He was about
leaving the hotel, with an interpreter, to dispose of some of the
property, when the police caught him. While in Mr. Henderson's service
he had 8s. a-week, with lodgings and part board. He was the son of a
respectable man, by business a cheesemonger, somewhere at Hackney. It
was not suggested that the prisoner had any accomplices in the robbery;
it was all his own doing. Nearly the whole of the property had been
recovered, but the prisoner had spent all the money he took with him.
—The assistant judge Enid the court felt great difficulty in dealing
with the cate. The prisoner was too old to be sent to a reformatory, and
they felt that under all the circumstances, considering his age and
character, they could consistently with their public duty refrain from
passing a sentence of penal servitude. The learned judge then sentenced
him to two years' hard labour, and hoped he would yet endeavour to make
a good man of himself.
