GREAT ROBBERY OF BONDS.

On Wednesday, at Guildhall, George William Bardrick, clerk, and Charles
Gold were brought up, on remand, in charge of Detective-serjeant Randall
and Lawley, who had brought the prisoners from Barcelona, in Spain, on
the charge of having stolen foreign bonds and obligations to the amount
of over 12,000l. Bardrick was further charged with embezzling money to
the extent of about 500l., belonging to Messrs. Desborough and Sons,
solicitors, of 18, Finsbury-pavement, the prisoners' masters. Mr.
Learoyd said that he was now in a position to frame the charge into two
forms. One would affect Bardrick alone for embezzling about 500l., and
the other would be against both for stealing bonds and obligations to
the amount of over 12,500l. Bardrick was cashier to the prosecutors, and
it was his duty to receive money from their customers, and from the two
partners, and Mr. Dallimore, their managing clerk, and pay the money so
received into their bankers to the account of the firm. In many
instances he had not paid the money into the bankers at all, and in
other cases he had paid in only a portion of the sums entrusted to him.
Although the sale of the bonds had taken place in Gold's name, he had
handed all the money he received over to Bardrick. –Evidence was given
at considerable length in support of the above charges. –Frederick
Lawley, detective-serjeant of the City Police, said that he accompanied
Serjeant Randall to Spain to apprehend the prisoners. On the 11th of
September Gold made a statement on board the vessel coming over. He
said, "I have been led into this affair by Bardrick, who took the bonds
from the strong room, handed them to me, and suggested that I should
take them to Kulb and Co., and sell them, which I did. Bardrick used to
wait for me at the European, in the room upstairs, and as soon as I
received the money I took it there, and gave it to him. I received a
very small portion of the money, Bardrick took the first bond and sold
it for 200l. just before he was married. He told me that it would never
be missed. I am aware now I did wrong. I ought to have told Mr.
Desborough of it at once; but Bardrick had great influence over me. If I
had told him, I should have been saved from ruin. I am sorry, for Mr.
Lawrence has always been a good friend to me. If I had told him, I
should not have been in my present unfortunate position." –Mr. Learoyd
said that was his case, and he asked that the prisoners should be
committed for trial. —Mr. Lickfold and Mr. Humphreys declined to make
any remark, as the case must go for inquiry before another court. —Mr.
Alderman Fowler then committed them for trial, and refused bail.
