MANSLAUGHTER OF A WIFE.

Thomas Lewis, described as a silk-weaver in Barnsley-street, Bethnal
green, was charged at Worship street police court, on Wednesday, with
causing the death of his wife.

Police constable Merritt, of the K division, stated that while on duty
in Cambridge street, Hackney, between twelve and one o'clock that
morning, he was told that a woman had been killed by her husband, and on
going to a house in an adjoining street called John street, he found the
report to be true, for on a bed in one of the lower rooms was stretched
the dead body of a woman, more than 60 years of age apparently, and whom
he then discovered to be the wife of the prisoner.

A labourer, named Jones, accounted for the deceased being found at his
house by saying that she hurried in at nine on the preceding evening,
declaring that her husband had given her death blow, and she hoped that
witness would allow her to lie down for a bit. Witness told her she
might, and the woman flung herself down upon the bed, witness being
obliged to go out and leave her there, but on his return home about two
hours afterwards, he was surprised to find that she was still there, and
dead.

The prisoner was apprehended by an officer of the N division, who traced
him with some difficulty, and to whom, on the constable telling him the
charge om which he took him, he said that he and his wife had been. out
all day drinking together, and that on returning home some words arose
between them, resulting in a quarrel, and he acknowledged that, from a
feeling of aggravation, he had struck her either two or three times.

Mr. Shaw, a surgeon at Mile-end, deposed to being called to see the
deceased, whom he found to be dead and that his opinion, from an
examination of her, was that she died from apoplexy, but whether it
arose from excessive drinking or violence, he could not positively say,
although there were certain marks of ill-usage upon the body.

It was necessary to have the evidence of some person who had either seen
or heard the blown in flicted upon the deceased, and the prisoner, who
displayed great concern about the occurrence, but offered no defence,
was remanded.
