ASSIZE INTELLIGENCE.

OXFORD CIRCUIT ABINGDON, FEB. 27.

HIGHWAY ROBBERY. —J. Hargrave was charged with assaulting on the highway
W. Mussen, with intent to rob him, on the night of the 18th of August
last. The prosecutor, who is a farmer, stated that on returning from
Abingdon on the night in question, about a quarter before nine, he
passed the prisoner. After having passed him a few yards the prisoner
came up to him, struck him on the head with a stick, and demanded his
money. He refused to give it to him, and said he would fight for it,
upon which they had an encounter, the prisoner striking at him, while he
parried the blows with an umbrella which he had. In the straggle he
dropped his basket, which the prisoner ran away with. Two days after the
prisoner was taken into custody at Abingdon, on a charge of attempting
to rob the till of Mr. Smith, chemist, whose son caught him in the act.
The prisoner having shrewdly cross examined the witnesses, without
shaking their evidence, the judge summed up, and the jury returned a
verdict of "Guilty." The judge, in passing sentence, told the prisoner
that he was too clever and too desperate a character to remain in this
country, and adjudged him to be transported for ten years.

CASE OF MANSLAUGHTER. —Charles Giles, John Briant, and Edw. Cope, were
charged with the manslaughter of Charles Gilham, on the 27th of December
last, in the parish of Shinfield. From the evidence it appeared that on
the day in question the prisoner Giles had a slight disagreement with
the deceased, Charles Gilham, who would settle it in no other way except
by a fight, which it was agreed should take place at their dinner hour.
At that time, they proceeded to a field, and the fight commenced, in
which the prisoner Giles had the best of the rounds, but would willingly
have ceased fighting, but Gilham expressed his determination to fight
like a cock and not give up. In the last round the deceased had scarcely
strength to stand up, hat would not give in; he was, however, carried
off the ground, and in about forty-eight hours after he died, and on a
post-mortem examination being made by a medical gentleman, a wound was
found on the left side of the skull, which, in his opinion, was the
cause of death, and was produced by external violence. The prisoners
Briant and Cope acted as seconds. It was contended by Mr. Pigot, on the
part of Giles, that he was provoked and obliged to fight, that he wished
to leave off, and the fight was a fair stand-up fight. Mr. Carrington,
on the part of Briant and Cope, maintained that they took no part in the
fight until after it had commenced. The ury "Acquitted" all the
prisoners.

HOME CIRCUIT-HERTFORD, Feb. 28.

BURGLARY. —James Rackley, twenty-three, Daniel Brown, twenty-two, and
Alfred Lunnon, twenty-three, were indicted for burglary at the
dwelling-house of Mary Stacey, and stealing a £5 note and other monies,
her property. It appeared that the whole number of persons who entered
the house was six, and that three of them were armed with sticks, and
the fourth had the bar which had fastened the window before it was
forced open. The prosecutrix swore positively to the identity of Brown
and Lunnon, although their faces were blackened; and as regarded the
prisoner Rackley, it was shown that his shoes corresponded with
footsteps that were under the window; and it was also proved that, on
the morning after the burglary, he was seen in company with the other
two prisoners at a beer-shop, and that they all three washed their
faces, which appeared to have been blackened with soot —The jury found
all the prisoners "Guilty," and they were sentenced to be transported
for fourteen years.
