SCOTLAND.

EXECUTION OF JOHN WILLIAMS, AT GREENLAW. –On Monday last, the sentence
was carried into execution against John Williams, for the murder of
William Mather, toll keeper at Cleckinnin, near Lauder, Berwickshire, on
the night of the 4th December, 1852. The execution was fixed to take
place between the hours of twelve and two o'clock. Shortly before twelve
the prisoner was conducted from the small room in which he was confined,
after his removal from the gaol, to a large adjacent room, in which
Sheriff Wood and other officials, besides the Rev. Messrs. Walker and
Proudfoot, were assembled, and conveyed to the scaffold by a body of the
county police, followed by the executioner, Calcraft, who arrived from
London on Saturday last. The prisoner ascended the scaffold with a firm
step, and, having taken his place on the drop, the executioner proceeded
to perform the preliminary duties of his office. On the conclusion of
prayer, the bolt was drawn, and the unhappy man launched into eternity.
He seemed to die without a struggle, a slight shiver only evincing the
departure of life. Having hung for nearly an hour, during which time
upwards of half of the crowd had left, the body was lowered into a
coffin beneath the drop, and immediately conveyed in a cart to the gaol,
to be buried within the precincts.

ALLEGED MURDER IN EDINBURGH. —Considerable excitement was occasioned in
the neighbourhood of Hume's-close, Canongate, by the report of a murder,
of which a labouring man residing there was the victim, and of which his
wife, it is alleged, was the perpetrator. The husband's jealousy had
been excited with reference to a person who lodged in the house, and the
two having quarrelled on the subject, the wife, it is stated, suddenly
seized a shoemaker's knife, which was lying on the table, and inflicted
a deep wound on the left side. The knife penetrated the heart, and the
unfortunate man expired in a short time after. The woman was immediately
taken into custody, but she asserts that the wound was inflicted by the
man himself; and as there were only the two of them in the room at the
time, this statement may or may not be correct. It appears, however,
that the man has before threatened to commit suicide if the cause of his
jealous apprehensions was not removed—a circumstance which certainly
favours the wife's explanation of the occurrence; but, meanwhile, the
alleged murderess remains in custody. —Caledonian Mercury.

SCARCITY OF COALS IN THE NORTH. —The late snowstorm having closed the
roads in many districts in the north, occasioned a great scarcity of
coals. In Ellen, so much was the scarcity felt, that in some cases
neighbours, to make their fuel last as long as possible, agreed to have
but one fire between them, and go to each other's houses day about for
cooking and warmth; and there was also a case where two women, the one
with three children under her roof, and the other a pauper of some
eighty years of age, who, with that quiet, unmurmuring endurance of
privation which is often so touchingly displayed by the Scottish poor,
sat uncomplainingly for two whole days without fire in their dwellings.
—Edinburgh Witness.
