SERIOUS CHARGE OF INDECENT ASSAULT.

[From our latest edition of last week.]

At the Worship-street police-court, on Thursday, the Rev. George Small,
fifty-three years of age, described as a missionary, and a teacher of
ancient and modern Oriental languages, residing at 24,
Wellington-street, Strand, was charged with having indecently assaulted
Emma Alice Parker in an omnibus in the Hackney-road. The defendant was
further described as of the University of Edinburgh, member of the Royal
Asiatic society, the Royal College of Preceptors, the Philological
society, the Anglo-Biblical institute, &c.

Alice Emma Parker, the prosecutrix, of 8, Kempsford-road South,
Kennington-lane, deposed: About half-past six on Wednesday night I
entered an omnibus at the Royal-exchange. The prisoner was a passenger
in the same vehicle. He had an umbrella in his hand and a book on his
knee. He sat next to me. I felt something press my foot, and I moved it.
The pressure was repeated, and I again shifted my foot, and on looking
down I saw his left hand holding his umbrella, but his right I could not
see in consequence of stooping forward. I then felt a hand upon the calf
of my leg on my stocking. I jumped up immediately, and said that a
gentleman had placed his hand beneath my clothes. The omnibus was
stopped, and my husband, who was outside, was called for. Prisoner did
not say a word. I was holding my dress up in my two hands.

Cross-examined: I wore a small crinoline. My petticoats were long. I
entered the omnibus at Cornhill. I did not notice the prisoner until he
left another part of the omnibus to take a place on my left side. I
passed him as I entered, but nothing was said or done to me then. The
omnibus, which was not full when I went in, became so after the
defendant had altered his position. There were five females on the side
where he sat. When I got up I said nothing to the prisoner, but told a
gentleman, in a whisper, of what had happened. The omnibus was then
stopped, and the prisoner, as soon as a policeman was found, given into
custody. I do not know how long was the interval between the stoppage of
the omnibus and the giving of the prisoner into custody. Prisoner saw me
whisper to the gentleman when he was taken into custody. I did not hear
what reply he made; I was too confused. When I jumped up, as I have
stated, I saw prisoner's right hand, but there was nothing in it. I went
towards the door and almost fell. I did not return to that seat. The
omnibus travelled fast, but did not jolt about. I did not see that the
road was broken up.

By Mr. Newton: I know it was a man's hand. I felt the finger squeeze my
leg. When I jumped up I saw his hand come from beneath my dress. —Cross-
examination continued: My petticoats reach the ground. I only held my
dress up.

Corroborative evidence was adduced. Numerous testimonials as to the
prisoner's character and ability were also handed in, after which

Mr. Newton remarked that he should not take on himself to decide the
case, but send it to the sessions. Prosecutrix's evidence had been fully
borne out. —Mr. Vann remarked that his client's character was beyond
effect from such an imputation as this. Even now the office was full of
personal friends ready to testify to his worth. —Mr. Newton observed
that the higher the defendant's position the more necessary was it that
the whole matter should undergo the strictest and most searching
inquiries. —Subsequently bail was accepted, in the rev. gentleman's
surety of 100l. and two of 50l.
