A MERCHANT'S DIVORCE CASE.

The case of "Frentzel v. Frentzel, Steiner, and Welch," came before the
Divorce division on Thursday. —This was the petition of the husband for
a dissolution of his marriage on the ground of his wife's adultery with
the co-respondents. Answers were filed denying the charges, and the
respondent charged her husband with cruelty, and prayed for a judicial
separation on that ground, From the opening of counsel, it appeared that
the parties were married Sept. 29, 1856, and petitioner is a silk
merchant. After the marriage the parties resided at Stoke Newington, and
subsequently the respondent gave way to habits of intemperance, and
there was a separation, the petitioner allowing his wife 80l, per annum.
At that time, he had not sufficient evidence to bring a suit for
divorce, but subsequently obtained the testimony of servants. –The
petitioner was called and spoke to the facts of the marriage, and in
cross-examination deposed to quarrels between himself and his wife. On
one occasion his wife was hurt, but she was a great actress. He had
known Steiner for 20 years. He separated from his wife in 1876, and
charged her with committing adultery. The suit was instituted in January
of last year. Dr. Welch was living in Stoke Newington-road with his
wife. He first called Dr. Welch in to his wife, who pretended to have
taken poison. Dr. Welch was frequently at the house, and used to join in
the whist parties. A great deal of other evidence was given to show the
visits of the co-respondent, and one witness went so far as to state
that at midnight be observed the respondent and co-respondent in a
position more than suggestive of adultery. –The case was not concluded
when the Court rose. The case was continued on Friday, and the jury
deliberated for some hours. At the rising of the Court, at a late hour,
they acquitted Steiner of being guilty of adultery, and the petitioner
of being guilty of cruelty; but said that whether Dr. Welch and the
respondent had been guilty of misconduct, they were unable to agree, and
were discharged.
