HORRIBLE MUTILATION AT REIGATE.

REIGATE, THURSDAY, AUGUST 19. —Yesterday morning the quiet village of
Chepstow, Surrey, situate about six miles from Reigate, was thrown into
a state of painful excitement, in consequence of a most alarming riot
between a large number of English and Irish reapers, who reside in the
lower part of that picturesque spot; and from the awful character of the
injuries received by one of the men, named John M’Carthy, aged
forty-five, his death is hourly expected. It appears that about mid-day
on Wednesday, a party of reapers and their wives assembled at a public
house called the White Hart, Chepstow, Surrey, where, after a short
time, they commenced singing and drinking, until the man M'Carthy was
called upon to sing a song, but be refused, and walked out, followed by
a number of men and women, and when they crashed a spot a short stance
from the public-house, one of the ringleaders, named George Fisher, told
M'Carthy, that if he did not go back and sing a song, or pay for a pot
of ale, he (Fisher) would "cut his arm off with the fagging-hook."
M’Carthy refused and the next moment Fisher, who had the sharpened hook
in his hand, raised the deadly weapon, and inflicted a most awful gark
on M’Carthy’s head, who raised his left arm to defend himself, when
Fisher again rushed forward, and gave him two mere frightful gashes
across the left arm, which completely separated both bones of the limb,
which was shockingly mutilated. By this time some assistance arrived,
when the wounded man was carried into the White Hart public-house in a
state of total insensibility, and bleeding most copiously from the
several wounds. In the meantime the potman was despatched for the
nearest surgeon, and in a short period one arrived, who promptly
rendered every necessary aid in dressing the wounds. The left arm seemed
to be completely amputated by the violence used, and the head of the
unfortunate man had sustained several extensive lacerations, and various
portions of the skull had been shaved all by the weapon used by the man
Fisher. At a later period of the day the unfortunate man was in such a
state of exhaustion, arising from the severe hemorrhage consequent upon
the wounds, that it was deemed necessary to make some arrangement for
the poor fellow’s removal to Guy's Hospital. It was, therefore, thought
best to place him in a carriage at the Reigate station, and convey him
with all cate to that institution, while place he reached at eight
o'clock last evening. He was immediately forwarded to the accident ward,
where he was at once seen by Mr. Hinton, the house-surgeon, who remained
with him for several hours during the night. The man (Fisher) was, soon
for the murderous affair, taken into custody, with the other
ringleaders, and removed in charge of several active others to the
county gaol, Reigate. This morning the prisoner George Fisher, Ann
Fisher, his wife, and others, were brought before John Currie, Esq., of
Gatton, Surrey, one of the magistrates for the county. Mrs. White, the
landlady of the White Hart public-house, and several important
witnesses, swore positively to seeing the prisoner Fisher strike
M’Carthy on the head and left arm several times with the instrument
called the "fagging hook," and to using other violence. —The magistrate,
upon receiving information that the unfortunate man M'Carthy was in a
very precarious condition, proceeded by railway to the London-bridge
terminus, and from thence to the accident ward of Guy's Hospital, to
take the depositions of the injured man.

GUY'S HOSPITAL. —On Thursday evening, at half-past six o'clock, John
Currie, Esq., magistrate of Reigate, and his chief clerk, proceeded to
the accident ward, where they were introduced to the wounded man. The
prisoners Fisher and his wife were present in the custody of two
officers. The wounded man, M'Carthy, on being sworn, gave a very clear
account of the transaction, but he could not swear positively that it
was the prisoner. He was sure it was a man who cut him first on the
head, and then on the left arm. The man was dressed like the prisoner.
He (M’Carthy) had nothing in his hand when the riot commenced. The man
who inflicted the injuries threw the hook at him, which he picked up,
but at that time he was so week that he fell from lows of blood.
M’Carthy, in answer to the magistrate, said, "I never used any violence,
nor did I strike any one in defence. I left my fagging hook in the field
where I had been at work." The prisoner having put a few questions to
the man M’Carthy, which did not shake his evidence in the slightest
degree, Mr. G. Hinton, the house-surgeon, was next called, and said that
M'Carthy had received very extensive incised wounds on the back and top
of the head, and two wounds on the left arm, separating both bones near
the elbow. He was in a very precarious state, but at present was going
on as well as could be expected. The evidence of the several witnesses
was the read over by the clerk, after which she prisoners were formally
remanded to Kingston Gaol until Monday next.
