LAW INTELLIGENCE.

COURT OF BANKRUPTCY.

MONDAY

RAILWAY SPECULATIONS. —IN RE A. DANIELLS. —This bankrupt was described
as a merchant, having formerly been in business as a perfumer, receiving
about £1,000 a year, and living like a gentleman. He disposed of his
business for about £1,500, and then entered very largely into railway
speculations, being at one period worth about £12,000, but his
speculation resulted in a very heavy loss. This case was before the
court a short time since, upon application for certificate, and it was
adjourned till this day, for the purpose of investigation, and more
particularly respecting the proof of Mr. More for £614 odd, being a
balance of account resulting out of railway speculation. The bankrupt's
debts and liabilities amount to about £10,000, running over a period of
about three years, and the assets appear on the balance sheet to be
"property, £162 9s. 8d." He commenced with a capital of £3.189 14s.
11d., and the losses and expenses amount to about £10,000, the profits
being stated at £285 6s. 6d. Mr. More, who opposed, had been in business
as a spirit merchant in Liverpool, and in 1839 became bankrupt, but
owing to some negligence on his own part he did not obtain his
certificate until July, 1845, at which period he entered the Liverpool
market as a share broker; and he did not know what was the amount of his
debts, or the dividend, if any, paid under that bankruptcy. He was not a
sworn broker. He had not offered to withdraw his opposition upon payment
of £300. Mr. Lawrance, on behalf of the bankrupt, stated that the last
item in the account between the bankrupt and Mr. More, upon which the
proof of £644 odd, was now sought to be made, bore date the 11th of
August. The certificate was dated the 25th of July, and twenty-one days
was required for the certificate to remain at the Court of Review.
Therefore, the whole of these transactions upon which the proof was
made, took place at a time when Mr. More was an uncertificated bankrupt.
Under these circumstances he (Mr. Lawrance) must submit that Mr. More
was not entitled to prove. —After some further discussion the proof was
admitted for the full amount claimed. —Mr. Shultz, a stock broker,
stated that he had had transactions to the extent of thousands of pounds
with various persons, and that the bankrupt was the most punctual of
any. —Upon the part of Mr. Ripley, a stock-broker, an adjournment of the
case was prayed for. Mr. Ripley was a creditor for £5,000, being the
result of a loss upon Birmingham and Oxfordshire shares, occasioned by
Emanuel Daniells, who, it was stated, had represented his employer to be
a man of fortune, but had always refused to disclose his name. Upon
going, however, to the office of the official assignee (Mr. Edwards), a
bond of Lord Ventry's for £7,000 being mentioned in the bankrupt's
proceedings, and the same having been shown to Mr. Ripley, it was
concluded that the bankrupt, being the brother of Emanuel Daniells, was
his employer, and hence the attempt to prove against this estate. The
bankrupt denied having employed his brother in any such trans action.
—Mr. Lawrance objected to an adjournment under such circumstances, and
the court concurred. —Mr. Bagley and Mr. Lawrance having been heard pro
and con, his honour said that he did not consider that More stood in the
position of a creditor entitled to much favour. The bankrupt had stated
upon a former occasion that More would be unable to prove himself a
creditor against this estate, but it appeared to him (the commissioner)
that he was a creditor. Upon the last occasion, also, the bankrupt
stated that he had nothing to do with West Riding shares, but it
appeared that he had, and he now sought to excuse himself by stating
that he was merely an agent. The objection appeared to be, that the
bankrupt had been trading out of his avocation as a trader; and it also
appeared that he had been speculating in that which a trader ought not.
In order to show traders that they were not to enter into illegitimate
speculation, incurring losses, and then enter into one or two legitimate
speculations, for the purpose of coming to this court and being made
free of all the debts, the Judgment of the court was that the
certificate be suspended for twelve months, with protection from month
to month.
