EXTRAORDINARY CHARGE OF PERJURY.

[From our latest editions of last week.]

At the Central Criminal court on Saturday morning, Ann Porter, a
tolerably good-looking young woman, was indicted for perjury. The
offence, as alleged, was committed in the Divorce-court, on the occasion
of the trial of a suit, in which the wife of Mr. Bewick, of
Threepwood-hall, Northumberland, sought a divorce on the ground of her
husband's adultery with one Mary Latham, who was in the capacity of
housekeeper to Mr. Bewick when his wife was living apart from him. The
prisoner, who had been in Mr. Bewick's service as a domestic, was one of
the witnesses called in support of the wife's petition, and she
positively swore to acts tending to, and in one particular instance a
real act, of adultery. On her evidence principally the court granted a
divorce, notwithstanding the strong, denial of its truth given by Mr.
Bewick. The prisoner was now charged with perjuring herself. Mr. Bewick
was examined at great length, and lie, reiterated his denial of
committing any act which could possibly be construed as tending to
adultery with Miss Latham. —Mr. Serjeant Sleigh subjected to a severe
cross-examination, and elicited from the witness, that when he married,
and took his wife to Threepwood-hall, he had two bastards under his
roof, and whom, along with the then housekeeper, be, at the instance of
his wife, turned out at the expiration of a month. He likewise admitted
at the Divorce court he had sworn to a statement that his wife had
committed adultery with a person named Jones, and that he had posted
bills about the neighbourhood in which he lived, pro-claiming her shame,
and offering a reward of 100l. to any person giving information
regarding the matter. —Mary Latham, the housekeeper, who appeared about
forty years of age, was examined, and denied positively that any undue
familiarity had ever taken place between her and Mr. Bewick. The
prosecutor was detected by one of the jury beckoning to the wit ness
during her examination, and the fact having been stated, he was ordered
to leave the court. Ann Ouston, wife of the gardener at Threepwood hall,
was the only other witness called, and she stated that the prisoner had
said to her that she had seen nothing between Miss Latham and Mr.
Bewick. —The learned counsel having addressed the jury a verdict of “Not
guilty" was returned.
