EMBEZZLEMENT BY A SECRETARY.

William J. G. Fitzgibbon, 34, of King William-street, Greenwich,
secretary of the Greenwich Coffee Tavern Company (Limited), was charged
on a warrant, at Greenwich police-court, on Thursday, with embezzling
18l. 15s. 7d., received by him on account of the company. —William
Everitt, manager of the Good Duke Humphrey coffee tavern, said the
prisoner was secretary of the company. It was witness's duty to pay to
him the moneys received, and on Sept. 6 he paid the prisoner 18l. 15s.
7d. He should have paid the money into the London County bank forthwith.
He had always found the prisoner a first-rate man of business. —Wm.
Charles Hutchinson, (cashier of the London and County bank, Greenwich
branch), said the Greenwich Coffee Tavern Co. (Limited) had an account
at their branch. The amount of 18l. 15s. 7d. had not been paid in. The
last sums paid in were 65l. and 5l, on August 31. —Serjeant Howell said
that on Tuesday last he went to Liverpool, and found the prisoner
detained at the police-station. He said, "I am going to arrest you on a
warrant for embezzling 18l. 15s." He said, "Yes, I plead guilty to that
amount. Do you know whether there will be any other charges preferred
against me?" Witness replied that he did not know, and he said, "I have
carefully calculated everything in my memory, and I think there would be
about 20l. or 25l. at the outside deficient, which I intended to return
to the directors of the company." The witness found on him the sum of
27l. 10s. in gold, 5s. in silver, and a 5l. note. He bore an excellent
character. —Mr. Everitt, re-called, said the prisoner left behind him a
cheque for 341., which he might have cashed if he had liked. —Mr. Wood,
for the defence, said the prisoner had yielded to a sudden temptation.
He went to Liverpool to get a situation. The money in his possession
would be returned to the company. —Serjeant Howell said there were
painful circumstances in the case which had not come out in evidence.
—Mr. Saw said the prisoner had run away with a woman not his wife. –Mr.
Marsham committed the prisoner for four months' hard labour.
