THE ALLEGED CHARITY FRAUDS.

At Bow-street police-court on Friday, Vernon Montgomery, whose real name
is Hitchman, and Ethel Virian, were again brought up on the charge of
obtaining money on false pretences.

On being placed in the dock, the female prisoner presented a rather
changed appearance. The guy light silk dress and train which she wore on
the last occasion had been replaced by a dark garment and black cloth
jacket, and her hair, which was of the lightest hue last week, was now
transformed to its original dark colour.

Lucy Crowther, 120, Stamford-street, Blackfriars-road, deposed that the
prisoners lodged at her house as “Mr. and Mrs. Montgomery.” She was not
aware the female prisoner was acting as nurse to the male prisoner.
Witness thought they were living at the rate of 2s. a day.

Elizabeth Nicolls, 21, Regent's-square, deposed that the prisoners
lodged in her house. They were apprehended there, and had three rooms,
for which they paid 1l. 10s. 6d. a week. Witness knew them by the names
Mr. Montgomery and Miss Ethel Vivian,

Mr. Krentzmor, of the inquiry department of the Charity Organisation
society, said that he instituted inquiries concerning the advertisement
beginning “Dear H." which had appeared in various newspapers, and
received information from persons who had answered it. Among others, he
received a letter purporting to come from the female prisoner, in which
she said that she had authorised the male prisoner to insert the
advertisement in the papers for her. It was intended, she said, for an
old friend of hers, but she received answers from several persons, and
the money they sent she regarded as loans, which she intended to repay.
The witness had been to Oxford, where he saw two persons named Hitchman,
whom he believed to be the father and sister of the male prisoner. He
had also been to Ireland, to a place called Remagalton. He there found
traces of the female prisoner. He traced her to the shop of Mr. Galler,
a draper. She left there in May, 1876, and went to Dublin. He traced out
her parents. Their name is Bowman; the father is alive; he is a lamp
repairer. Witness saw her sister and brought her over with him. (The
female prisoner, on seeing her sister enter the court, shrieked and fell
back in the dock, and begged to be allowed to speak to her.) The witness
gave some evidence to show that the male prisoner, whom he said he knew
personally under various names, was connected with an advertising
agency, and had been a begging letter impostor for 25 years.

The sister of the female prisoner, Rosina Bowman, a single woman, was
then called. She appeared to be a very respectable young woman, and
deposed as follows: –I live at 43, York-street, Dublin. The prisoner is
my sister. (Here a painful scene took place, owing to the shrieks of the
female prisoner, the witness being also deeply affected.) –Mr. Flowers
asked if it was necessary to carry the case any further. He thought it
might be as well spare the sister so painful an examination. –Mr.
Wontner said he did not wish to put any further questions to the witness
under the circumstances, and this would close his case.

The witness was then asked, at the request of the prisoner, if their
father was not formerly in a very superior position, and if they had not
been reduced from that position owing to private misfortunes. –The
witness replied in the affirmative, and stated that her father was
formerly an officer in the Swiss Guards. –Prisoners were then committed
for trial.
