FIFTH EDITION.

PUBLISHED ON SUNDAY MORNING, CONTAINING THE LATEST INTELLIGENCE OF THE
WEEK.

POSTSCRIPT.

LLOYD'S WEEKLY NEWSPAPER OFFICE.

SATURDAY NIGHT.

LATEST ELECTRIC NEWS

FRANCE

PARIS, Saturday.

The authorities have prohibited the sale in the public streets of XIX
Siècle, for an article insulting St. Buffet and the Assembly.

PARIS, Thursday Evening.

Pelata and Bonnard, who have been found guilty of the assassination of
the sergent de ville Vincenzini, on the Place de la Bastille in 1870,
have been condemned to death.

The Municipal Council of Paris has voted a bill in favour of opening a
carriage road through the garden of the Tuileries.

VERSAILLES, Thursday Evening.

Several members of the Left Centre have been invited to dinner for the
first time by Marshal M’Mahon, and have accepted his Invitation. Among
the guests pre MM. Casimir Perler, Leon Say, Teisserene de Bort, and
Berenger, ministers under the Administration of M. Thiers. Several other
deputies have decided to attend the soirée to be given subsequently at
the Presidency.

A very warm debate occurred in the French Assembly to-day on the
proposal of M. Pouyer-Quertler in favour of levying an excise duty at
the sugar refineries from the 1st of April. The Minister of Public
Works, on behalf of the Government; asked the Assembly to adopt the
amendment of M. Paris, postponing the establishment of this system until
she expiration of the Convention of 1864. After a good deal of
discussion M. Pouyer-Quertler announced that, considering the
Government's adhesion to the principle of excise he would consent to
substitute the 1st of July, 1875, the date which coincides with the
expiry of the Convention. M. Magne said the Government accepted this. M.
Buffet stated, however, that the rules required the Assembly to vote
upon the original amendment of M. Pouyer-Quertler, modified by him so as
to provide that the refineries should be subjected to the excise system
from the 1st of May, 1874. The Assembly rejected this amendment by 368
votes against 297—majority in favour of the Government, 71.

VERSAILLES, Friday Evening.

At to day's sitting of the National Assembly, the debate on the new
taxes was resumed. All the amendments were referred to the Budget
Committee, the Assembly consequently reserving its final decision. The
proposals to the pianos and photographs were rejected, and the House
proceeded to discuss the tax upon glass.
