BATTERSEA WIFE MURDER.

Samuel Haines Harvell, 42, dealer, was indicted at the Old Bailey, on
Thursday, for the wilful murder of his wife. —Mr. Forrest Fulton and Mr.
Avory prosecuted; and Mr. Bodkin defended. —The occurrence took place in
the Plough-road, Battersea. Prisoner was the manager of a business in
the York-road and of another in the Plough-road.

Evidence was given to the effect that in November last the prisoner
purchased a revolver from a pawnbroker—a friend of his—in the York-road,
and a retired constable deposed that in July last the prisoner
instructed him to watch his wife, who, he said, was in the habit of
going out in the evening at about seven o'clock. The prisoner afterwards
told him that he should not require his services again, as the woman had
gone away, and "there was a good riddance of her.'

Serjeant Hudson deposed that the prisoner came into the Battersea
police-station at about half-past eight in the morning, and said that he
had shot his wife. He asked for a piece of paper to write to his
brother, and, taking the revolver from his pocket, said, "Here's the
revolver; it is loaded in three chambers." Witness asked if his wife was
dead, and he said, "I don't know." Prisoner wrote on the paper asking
his brother to go to 17, Plough-road, and take charge of the place. He
also asked his brother to take care of his children.

Inspector Milloney said two of the chambers of the revolver had been
recently discharged. The deceased was found dead in bed. She had been
shot through the head. When charged with the murder prisoner said, "Yes,
that's all right."

The medical evidence went to show that deceased was shot while asleep,
and that she had been dead three or four hours when discovered. She had
been shot through the temple.

The jury, after about an hour's deliberation, found the prisoner
“Guilty”, but recommended him to mercy on account of the medical
evidence as to the state of his mind.

Prisoner had nothing to say, he said, why sentence should not be passed.

Mr. Justice Day sentenced prisoner to death, and said the recommendation
should be forwarded to the proper quarter.
