FATAL DISASTER IN A MINE.

On Wednesday night, when the men were about leaving their work at
Tynewyd decolliery, situate in the Greater Rhondda valley, a roar of
rushing water was heard. Many succeeded in making their escape to the
surface. It was soon discovered, however that 14 men and boys were
missing. Several volunteers descended the shaft, which is 92 yards deep,
and entered the workings. While the explorers were consulting what
action should be taken, faint knockings were heard on the other side of
the coal, at a distance, it was conjectured, of a dozen yards. No sooner
was this heard than a score of men with mandrils commenced cutting
through the solid mass, and by the sound it was soon ascertained that
the imprisoned persons, consisting of five firemen and a boy, among whom
was Charles Morgan, were doing likewise. Relays of colliers, worked with
great energy throughout the night, and about six o'clock on Thursday
morning Charles Morgan's mandril struck through and made an opening. The
next moment a terrific explosion, as that of a cannon, took place, but
not of gas, and coal and rubbish were shot against those working to meet
Morgan, and one man was terribly out about the face. A few moments
later, on approaching the hole, it was discovered that Morgan had been
jammed in it, and that he was dead. The inundation had been so sudden as
to imprison the air in the inner workings, and the force of this had
kept back the water from the five men. The moment a small hole was made
by Morgan's mandril, this volume of imprisoned air collided with fatal
result. Between eight and nine o'clock the poor fellow's dead body was
brought to the surface with only his trousers, shirt, and boots on, as
he had laboured through the night, struggling for the life of himself,
his aged father, and two friends. Shortly afterwards the remainder of
the party were taken to the surface. Nine men then remained in the
workings, and it was feared that all had perished.

Mr. Galloway and the officers of the Troedyrhiw and other collieries, at
four o'clock on Thursday afternoon, after penetrating as far as possible
into the colliery, heard knockings ahead of them. It was therefore
certain that some of the men left in the colliery were still alive at
that hour, but there was half a mile of water from the nearest point
reached and where they were imprisoned, and owing to a deep basin
intervening, filled with water to the roof, it was feared that they
could not be reached for some days. Intense excitement prevailed.

Up to Friday night the imprisoned hands had not been rescued.
