TRAGEDY AT A RELIGIOUS DINNER.

NUMEROUS PERSONS POISONED.

NORTHAMPTON, SATURDAY. —A sensation, which it is impossible to describe,
prevails at the present time throughout this district, in reference to
the following melancholy occurrence, which has already been attended
with fatal result to one person, and the lives of a great number of
other parties still remain in a state of great jeopardy. From careful
inquiries made, it appears that Wednesday last was appointed for the
public recognition of the Rev. G. Nicholson, B.A., as the minister of
King-street chapel, in this town. The devotional services having been
performed, a dinner, which had been prepared for the accommodation of
the ministers and friends, took place in the New Hall, Newland, when
between thirty and forty persons were present. About an hour after
dinner, very alarming symptoms set in, which at once proved that not a
few persons were labouring under the effects of some virulent poison.
Amongst the number thus affected was Mr. W. Cornfield, a gentleman much
respected by all who knew him. After suffering for some considerable
time, he was placed in a fly and conveyed home to bed, where he died the
next morning. An inquest was opened on his body, and evidence went to
prove that emerald-green had been used in colouring some of the
ornaments on the cakes. Mr. Faircloth, who had made a post mortem
examination of the body, found the coats of the stomach extensively
inflamed, and traces of copper in it. He thought there were slight
appearances of arsenic, but was at present unable positively to state.
The inquiry was therefore adjourned again till Wednesday next, to afford
time for an analysis to be made, and to see whether any of the other
sufferers expire.

_______________________

THE CHARTIST MEETINGS. —On Friday new cutlasses and belts were forwarded
to each of the police stations in the metropolis for all the constables,
in case of an emergency. They will assemble at the various stations at
seven o'clock on Monday morning, to await any orders that may arrive
from the Police Commissioners.

THE CASE OF “TIGER" SMITH. –At the Middlesex sessions on Friday, Thomas
Smith, alias "Tiger" Smith, a captain in the 15th Bengal Native
Infantry, was brought up for judgment, he having been convicted of
defrauding Mr. Bishop, the gunsmith, and Mr. Almond, army accoutrement
maker, of Bond-street, of a £10 note and five sovereigns in cash, for
cheques on the Oriental Bank, in which prisoner had no account. The
particulars were given in "LLOYD'S NEWSPAPER" some two or three weeks
since. The learned sergeant sentenced him to hard labour for four
calendar months.
