POLICE INTELLIGENCE.

MANSION-HOUSE

A SAD CASE OF LUNACY. —George Delamotte, a man of seventy-five, having
the manners and appearance of a gentleman, despite his very humble
attire, and described as a lieutenant on half-pay in the East Middlesex
militia, was charged with assaulting Charles Broad, of No. 87,
Fenchurch-street, and threatening to stab him with a carving-knife. —The
complainant said that on the afternoon, of Saturday, the prisoner came
to his luncheon-bar and called for a glass of ale, which he drank and
paid for. He helped himself to some bread and cheese while witness's
back was turned, and then called for another glass of ale, for which he
paid. Taking offence at being asked to pay for the bread and cheese, he
went to the further end of the counter, and, taking up a carving-knife
which lay there, threatened to rip him up, using at the same time an
opprobrious expression. He then aimed a blow at him with the knife, but
a gentleman who came in at the moment seized the prisoner by the elbows
from behind, and prevented him doing further mischief. He then dropped
the knife, but afterwards, on a policeman being called in to take him
into custody, struck the com plainant a blow in the face. He was quite
sober. — The back of the prisoner's head was covered with blood. On
being asked to account for the wound, he said that a man at the
police-station, thinking he (the prisoner) was about to strike him,
seized him, and threw him on his back, thereby cutting his head. The
hole, he added, into which he was put at the station was foul almost
beyond endurance. He had lived with Turks and brigands for years, but
was never in so loathsome a place as that in which he had spent the last
two nights; it was really a disgrace to the country. He was very subject
to fits, and hoped the court would be moderate and gentle with him. On
being asked if he had any friends, he replied he had plenty in different
parts of the country, but did not know whether any of them wore in town.
He himself resided near Windsor, where he was well known to many
officers and gentlemen. He was reminded by the court that he had given
an address in Deptford, and was asked to write down his place of
residence, which he did. Resuming his story, he apologised for not being
able to remember the name of his land-lord, as one of his fits was
coming on him then, but the address he had given would find him, for he
was very well known there. He could not help laughing, he said, when he
thought of the matter. He came up to town on Saturday, as he had not a
penny, to see his broker, who gave him some money and told him to call
again. That sum he meant to last him until his half-pay was due. He
could not remember anything wrong he had done. The complainant, as he
was leaving his house, asked him to apologies for what he had done to
his wife, but he had done nothing to his wife, and he was not in the
habit of apologizing when he had committed no offence. On being asked by
the bench if any surgeon had seen the wound on his head, "Oh, no," said
he, with a patronizing air, "I am my own doctor; I have had my brains
knocked out once." —The prisoner, who was evidently deranged, was about
to add something, when the alderman, stopping him, gave directions for
his being placed under the care of the prison surgeon until inquiries
could be made respecting him. —The constable in charge of the prisoner
explained that he had behaved with great violence at the Bow lane
station, and had probably received the wound in his head in an attempt
to restrain him.

BOW STREET.

OUTRAGEOUS USE OF A POKER. —Thomas William Akenhead, a young man of
about nineteen, was charged with having on the 4th instant committed a
very murderous assault upon Samuel Lee, aged about forty, who has been
ever since confined in King's College hospital. —The case had been
remanded from time to time owing to the inability of the complainant to
leave the hospital, the injuries inflicted being, in the opinion of the
medical attendants, of a very dangerous character. —The prosecutor
stated that he lived in lodgings at 50, Charles-street, Drury-lane, and
was by profession the proprietor of a travelling van. The prisoner
lodged in the same house, occupying an adjoining room. On the night in
question witness had left a half-crown on the mantelpiece, which the
prisoner had been seen to take away. Witness asked him for it, saying
simply, "Come, Tom, give me that half-crown you took from the
chimney-piece." He declined to give it up, swore that he had not had it,
and used very violent and threatening language. A quarrel ensued between
them, during which the prisoner seized a poker and aimed a blow at
witness's head, which instantly felled him to the ground and left him
insensible. — Police-constable 169 F deposed that he was on the spot a
few minutes after the occurrence, and found the complainant insensible
and bleeding profusely from a dreadful wound in the head. He thought
both the prisoner and complainant had been drinking. He took complainant
to the hospital, and had brought him from there that morning, the
surgeon desiring that he should be taken back directly after the
examination, as he was still too ill to leave the hospital. The assault
was committed at about twelve o'clock at night, and a man named Jaques,
who had given evidence respecting it at the first examination, had
declined to attend on the present examination. —The prisoner said he did
not inflict the wounds on the complainant's head. He had been spending
the evening with complainant, and they had been drinking freely
together. After this the complainant came into his (prisoner's) room,
and accused him of the theft; and when he refused to leave the room,
prisoner put him out by force, and he fell. —The case was again
remanded; the complainant being taken back to King's-college-hospital.
