TRIALS AT THE MIDDLESEX SESSIONS

The October adjourned quarter sessions commenced on Monday at the
sessions house, Clerkenwell-green. The calendar contained the names of
sixty-six prisoners.

EMBEZZLEMENT. —George Pryor, thirty-seven, was indicted for embezzling
the sums of 1l. 2s. and 1l. 1s., received by him for and on account of
Raynham Stewart, his master. —Mr. Raynham Stewart said he was a coal
merchant at 202, City-road, and the prisoner was in his service at 22s.
a-week, and he was authorised to receive money for the coals he
delivered. On the 10th, at about six o'clock in the morning, witness
gave him the orders for the delivery of the coals, but he never
accounted for the money. —Evidence was given by the persons who received
the coals that they had paid the prisoner the money for them and
obtained his receipt. —The jury found the prisoner "Guilty," and he was
sentenced to nine months' hard labour.

THEFT BY A LODGER. —Louis Favar, thirty-two, a Frenchman, was indicted
for stealing a watch, two chains, and other articles, value 40l., the
property of Theresa Gallemart, in her dwelling-house. —The prisoner
lodged at No. 61, Greek-street, and on the evening of the 9th of October
the prosecutrix, a young woman, on her return home, missed a gold watch,
two chains, five rings, two purses, and a pair of earrings, the whole
being of the value of 40l. —From information Henry Dawson, 22 A reserve,
received he went to the Euston station of the London and North-western
railway, and there saw the prisoner on the platform with a portmanteau.
He was wearing two rings, watch, and chain, and had the purse in his
pocket. Some of the other articles were found at a pawnbroker's. —The
prisoner was found "Guilty."-The assistant-judge sentenced him to hard
labour for eighteen months.

BURGLARY. —Samuel Meads, twenty-one, and George Henderson, thirty-seven,
were severally indicted, Meads for breaking and entering the dwelling
house of Charles White, and stealing therein eight plated dishes, value
40l., his property, and George Henderson for receiving part of the
property, well knowing it to have been stolen. —Mends pleaded "Guilty."
—The prosecutor lives at 68, Portland-road, Notting-hill, and on
Tuesday, the 1st of October, from what Mrs. White was told by her
daughters, she went to an upstairs bedroom, and there found the window
open and a large quantity of property taken away. The police were
communicated with, and on Serjeant Urban, 10 X, going to the place and
examining the premises, he found that some one had clambered up by the
stock-pipe, and thus got into the house by the bedroom window. The
prisoners had been near the place on that night, and were both soon
afterwards taken into custody. When Meads was at the station-house he
was observed to be very fidgety, put his hand into his pocket several
times, and threw away a piece of paper." On being searched five of the
stolen spoons were found in his pocket. He said he had taken them, but
the other prisoner knew nothing about it. —The jury acquitted Henderson.
—A long list of previous convictions were proved against the prisoner
Meads. —The assistant-judge sentenced him to be kept in penal servitude
for seven years.
