SERIOUS CHARGE AGAINST A SURGEON.

Dr. Wades, a surgeon at Hanley, was brought up on remand, on Saturday,
charged with attempting to murder his wife. —Mrs. Wades was in
attendance, and she stated that she had been married to prisoner four
months, and bad lived unhappily with him during the greater part of that
time. For about a month she had been sleeping with the servant maid,
being afraid to remain with her husband, in consequence of his violence.
On Thursday he ordered her to make up a bed for herself in a room
opposite his own, but she told him that she would not do so. They dined
in silence, and she went up to her dressing-room. Her husband followed
her, and asked her if the bed was made up, and she again told him she
would not sleep there, upon which he said he would see who was the
master. He left the room, but presently returned with the stick
produced, with which he struck her three or four times. She went into
another room, and prisoner followed her and struck her with his fist
twice, making her eye black. As she turned to leave the room he kicked
her in the small of the back. She then left the house, and did not
return until towards 10, when her husband attempted to strangle her. —In
cross-examination Mrs. Wades said she was 34 years of age, but on being
pressed she admitted she was older. She became acquainted with Dr. Wades
through a Matrimonial Alliance association. She had lived in Paris, and
knew a gentleman named Edouard Leolerq. She was not his wife, and had
never passed as Madame Leolerq or Baxter. Upon being shown a card
bearing that name, she said it had been done by M. Leolerq as a joke.
She said that her marriage with the prisoner had never been consummated,
but that was not the reason she quarrelled with the defendant. She had
told several persons that Dr. Wades was incompetent, but it was only in
self-defence. She would never have mentioned it if he had only been kind
to her. She refused to spend her private income on the house-hold, and
that was the cause of their disagreement. She denied that she was in the
habit of irritating him, or that she ever jeered him. –The evidence of
Mrs. Wades was corroborated by the servant girl. –Medical evidence was
called to show the serious nature of the injuries. –Mr. Smith, for the
defence, denied that defendant had attempted to strangle his wife, and
be called a witness (defendant's coachman) to prove that on the Thursday
the complainant's conduct was most provoking, and quite as bad as her
husband's. –The Mayor said that a case of aggravated assault had been
proved. Defendant must pay a fine of 20l., and find two sureties of 50l.
to keep the peace for six months.
