ALLEGED GREAT ROBBERY.

At the Mansion-house, on Thursday, Charles Martin, or Martuo, described
as of 38, Southampton-row, Holborn, but who declined to say of what
profession, was charged on suspicion of being concerned, with other
persons not in custody, in stealing, while in transit between London and
Paris, on or about the 1st of June last, bonds of the value of about
70,000l., the property of Henry Louis Raphael, of 25,
Throgmorton-street, stockbroker, and others; also with feloniously
receiving two of the said bonds—viz., one Russian bond, No. 13,057, of
the value of 100l., well knowing the same to have been stolen, the
property of the said Henry Louis Raphael.—Mr. Joseph John Quye, living
at Upper Lewisham-road, was called, and said: I am clerk to Messrs.
Clapham and Brothers, stock and share brokers, 54, Threadneedle-street.
I produce two Russian bonds. They were brought to our office on
Wednesday by a clerk to Mr. Pearson, a money changer, in Cranbourne
street, Leicester-square. Our client communicated with Raphael and Sons,
and did not change them. — The next witness was Stanley Trehern, clerk
to Messrs. Raphael and Sons, bankers, who said: — On the 1st of June
last I packed a parcel containing 10,500 Russian bonds o- the year 1862
for transit from London to Paris to their correspondents there. (Shown
two bonds.) These formed a portion of the bonds so specified. The bonds
did not arrive at their destination. —Mr. Henry Samuel, of Bayswater,
being called as a witness, said:-I am a tobacconist. I took the two
bonds produced to Mr. Pearson, money changer in Cranbourne-street, which
I had received from the prisoner. He came to me on Tuesday, the 28th
August about the hour of four p.m. at my own shop, and, showing me the
two bonds, said I could change them for him and pay him the amount
to-morrow. I said I could do so, and he said they must be paid in cash.
He arranged to call on Wednesday afternoon between two and five o'clock,
and on his arrival I handed him over to the police. I have known him by
the name of Martin, and I understood he was a commission agent. I have
known him about three months. I did not know where he lived. He spoke in
French to me. —On this evidence the prisoner was remanded.
