A SERIOUS MISTAKE. –Alexander Syme was indicted, at York, for a burglary
committed in the house of Henry Thomas, at Leeds, on the 28th of
September last. The prisoner asserted that he was drunk at the time, and
got into the house by mistake, through the kitchen window, which he
found open, and not by the hole through which coals were let into the
cellar, as asserted by the prosecutor. The judge told the jury that,
unless they were satisfied that the entry had been made by the cellar
hole and not by the kitchen, they could scarcely be justified in finding
the prisoner guilty even of the breaking; but he further told them
that, even granting that they were of opinion that the prisoner had come
into the house through the cellar, there would yet remain for their
consideration the question as to the intent with which the prisoner had
entered it. Acquitted.

CHILD MURDER. –Bridget Kelly stood indicted at Liverpool for the murder
of William Moran, an infant child, at Manchester, on the 21st of October
last. She had been delivered of the child in a workhouse at Manchester
on the 7th of October, and on the 25th of the same month the body of the
infant was taken out of the Ashton canal. When taken into custody she
said, "I have nothing to say but that I did it. I went through a brick
croft and threw it into the canal. It was covered with thrush." She did
not know where the father was, and necessity impelled her to the deed. –
The jury returned a verdict of “Guilty,” with a recommendation to mercy.
Judgment of death was then recorded, and the judge said the
recommendation of the jury should be carried out.

AN UNLUCKY LEGACY. —John Weavers was indicted at York, for stabbing his
wife, Hannah Weavers, on the 7th of August last. A quarrel had arisen
about a small legacy which the wife had just received, and which she
told the prisoner she “had made all safe before she left York.” This
irritated the prisoner, who aiming a blow at the prosecutrix's neck, cut
her slightly just over the carotid artery, and immediately under the
left ear, with the knife in his hand. The jury found the prisoner Guilty
of unlawfully wounding and he was sentenced to be imprisoned for two
years, with hard labour.
