THE ROBBERY OF JEWELLERY IN NEW BOND-STREET.

On Wednesday, Margaret O'Grady and Ellen O'Grady, mother and daughter,
charged with being concerned in stealing a pair of diamond earrings and
other articles of jewellery, of the value of 310l, the property of Mr.
Joseph Pake, jeweller, of New Bond-street, were again brought up at
Marlborough-street police-court.

James Holmes, assistant to Mr. Mellish, pawn-broker, of 15, Duke-street,
Grosvenor-square, said that he knew the elder prisoner. On the 23rd of
December, in the evening, she brought a pair of earrings to pledge, and
be offered her 5s. on them, which she took. —Mr. Tyrwhitt: You thought
yourself safe in advancing 5s. on articles worth 70l.

The witness said there were between sixty and seventy persons in the
shop at the time. (The earrings were produced.) He was not sure the
earrings were the same that he took in. He only just glanced at the
earrings and lent the money. He owned that he was very careless in
taking them in.

Mr. Lewis asked the witness whether, had the earrings been paste, he
would have lent 5s. on them. —The witness answered that he should, as
they would have been worth the money.

Mr. Tyrwhitt observed that if business was carried on in such a way,
pawnbrokers' shops would become most dangerous places; in fact, nothing
else but receiving-houses. —The witness said that if he had looked
carefully at the earrings he would have seen that they were diamonds.
Mr. Mellish being absent, they were a hand short, and very busy, it
being between half past seven and eight o'clock when they were pledged.
They were redeemed on the 28th by a woman, but he could not say whether
by the prisoner or not.

Mr. Pyke said that had the earrings been paste, the pawnbroker would not
have lent anything on them. —Mr. Tyrwhitt remarked that all he had to
say was, that valuable articles were dealt with in these places in a
very careless way. Pawnbrokers ought to be aware of the value of such
things; indeed, it was their business.

The elder prisoner said that she went to the St. George's baths that
evening to obtain payment off something a person owed her, and on her
return from the baths she picked up the earrings in the mews.

Mr. Tyrwhitt observed that the elder prisoner had stated that her
daughter, who was a dancer at a theatre, had the earrings from a
gentleman; that her daughter had a ring to match in her possession, and
that was the way she became possessed of them; now she said that she got
them in Grosvenor mews. She would be able to make her statement on her
trial, and it would be for the jury to say whether they believed her.

Mr. Mellish wished to say that he was quite ignorant of the pledging of
the earrings.

The elder prisoner, after being cautioned by the magistrate, said that
she picked up the earrings, and must suffer for it. —She was then
committed for trial, and her daughter was discharged.
