ALLEGED CRUELTY TO A WORKHOUSE GIRL

Mrs. Augusta Laigh, a lodging-house keeper, residing at 10, Park-place,
Liverpool-road, appeared at Clerkenwell police-court, in answer to her
recognizances, charged with committing a series of violent assaults upon
Ann Dean, whom she had taken as servant from the Islington workhouse.

Ellen Morgan, who said: I am seventeen years of age, and am now an
inmate of the workhouse of St Mary, Islington. I used to be in the
service of Mrs. Laigh I left her service about seven weeks ago, on the
Tuesday before Christmas. On the day before I left I do not recollect
anything taking place. On the Sunday before Christmas there was some tea
in the teapot. Susan Dean poured it out into a cup. The defendant came
down to the kitchen and said, "Who has poured the tea out of the
teapot?" Dean said, "I did." The defendant then said, "What business
hare you to take it out, when I wanted it myself?" and then hit Dean
across the eyes with the back of her hand. On the Saturday before I saw
my mistress hit Dean on the shoulder with a chopper. She struck her
because she upset a bath of water. It was between seven and eight in the
evening. On the Friday before that the defendant hit her once on the
head with the poker. Dean bled very much from the effects of the blow
from the poker. On the Thursday the defendant hit the complainant with
the poker on the head, which also bled, because she could not wring
linen with her right hand. She was left-handed. Witness put a wet cloth
on complainant's head. Susan Dean left on the Monday.

Mr. F. G. Graves said: I was the resident medical officer of the
workhouse. On the Monday before Christmas I saw Susan Dean at the
workhouse. I examined her head, and found five wounds at the back of her
head, each of which was about an inch in length. They were scalp wounds
and through the skin. There were also marks of two wounds in the front
of the head. In my judgment the wound the back of the head had been
inflicted about a week, and the latest about four days. On the right
arm, just below the elbow, there was an abscess. There was an extensive
wound on the right side and back. The left eye was swollen and
discoloured. There was inflammation of the skin of the covering of the
left blade-bone, and below the left elbow. There was also inflammation
of the left knee, which might have been produced by a blow.

Mr. Lewis, for the defence, called witnesses with a view to show that
the injuries were sustained by the girl during a scuffle with Ellen
Morgan, who was then also in the service of Mrs. Laigh.

Mr. Tyrwhitt sent the case to be tried by a jury.
