ROBBERY OF NEWSPAPERS.

On Friday Alfred Briggs, a young man in the employ of Mr. Farrington, a
newsvendor in an extensive way of business, in Poppin's-court,
Fleet-street, was charged on remand, at Guildhall, with stealing 26
quires of LLOYD'S NEWSPAPERS from the office in Salisbury-square, on
Saturday morning. –Evidence was given to prove that the papers were
stacked in the office ready for publication. On Saturday morning Mr.
Farrington's pile numbered 130 quires, for which Briggs and a witness
named Hunt came. By the side of Mr. Farrington's papers was a pile of 26
quires for Mr. Golding. A few minutes after the prisoner Hunt left, Mr.
Golding's man came for his papers, when they could not be found.
Information was at once given, and six quires of LLOYD'S were found in
Fleet-street, in charge of a lad named Winspeare, who said that a young
man named Donovan had deposited them with him to sell. –William Wines,
plain clothes patrol, said that he went to Donovan and took him into
custody, and he at once told him that Briggs put 26 quires down by the
door of the Telegraph, about five o'clock on Saturday morning, and asked
him to take six quires of them to Winspeare, at the corner of Shoe-lane,
and to mind the rest for him. He took the six quires as directed, but
having to go somewhere else he took 10 quires (what were then left) into
the Kings and Key publichouse in Fleet- street, and left them there for
Briggs. The barman gave them up to witness when he asked for them.
Witness afterwards arrested the prisoner, who said he knew nothing at
all about the papers, and did not see Donovan until after seven o'clock
on Saturday morning. –Edward Hunt said that he and Briggs loaded Mr.
Farrington's cart at LLOYD's office. He brought six parcels of 10 quires
each out and put them into the cart, and Briggs brought the rest out.
They delivered the 130 quires of papers to Mr. Farrington, and then
Briggs drove away and afterwards told him that he had left the other
papers with Donovan. –Mr. Knowles, a newsvendor, of Crown-court,
Pall-mall, said Hunt tried to sell him some of the stolen papers as he
came out of the Telegraph office, and somebody then called Hunt a thief.
He refused to buy the papers. –Abraham Lyon said that he saw Briggs take
some quires of LLOYD'S PAPERS out of his cart, put them down by the
Daily Telegraph office, and ask Donovan to take care of them. –On the
first day of hearing Donovan made his defence as in the above evidence,
and Briggs declared that as he was driving down Salisbury-court Donovan
asked him to take the 26 quires to the Telegraph office for him, and he
did so. Sir R. Carden, however, believed that Donovan was innocent, and
discharged him. It was brought out in cross-examination that Donovan had
suffered 18 months' imprisonment for stealing papers, and that Lyon had
been charged, but acquitted, on similar accusation. –Mr. Wontner
contended that looking at the character of the only evidence that could
at all affect his client no jury would convict. –Sir. R. Carden said
that considering the character of the men upon whom the case would rest,
he did not think a jury would convict, and he did not wish to send a
young man for trial where a conviction was not likely to follow; but at
the same time he had a very strong feeling on the matter, and advised
him to be more careful in his future conduct, and discharged him.
