ANOTHER ROBBERY OF ARMS NEAR CORK.

Seven stand of arms belonging to men of the 14th Hussars, stationed at
Ballacolig, have been stolen from the barracks under mysterious
circumstances. The arms were not missed on Wednesday evening, but it is
supposed they were abstracted on the previous night during a theatrical
performance which most of the men attended. It is not known by what
means they were removed. The seven men, whose arms are missing, have
been placed under arrest, as well as two non-commissioned officers. No
clue to the thieves has been found.

A Cork paper states that overtures were made by Government to the
prisoners recently acquitted of complicity in the robbery of arms from
Mallow barracks, to the effect that a handsome reward would be given,
and the two convicted prisoners, Sullivan and Murphy, would be
liberated, if the arms were restored, or information given to lead to
their discovery.

_________________________

PROPOSED NEW RIVER EMBANKMENT. —At the meeting of the Metropolitan Board
of Works on Friday, Colonel Hogg in the chair, Mr. White said he wished
to call the attention of the Board to a very important subject—the
continuation of the Victoria embankment past the Houses of Parliament,
so as to form a junction with the Chelsea embankment, now in course of
construction. He moved that the engineer be instructed to prepare plans
and estimates for embanking that portion of the River Thames; also, for
widening the roadway fronting the Penitentiary to 70 feet by extending
that embankment further into the river; and that the Chairman be
requested to confer with the Chief Commissioner of her Majesty's Works,
&c., to ascertain how far the Government would be prepared to co-operate
with this Board for the execution of this work. After a short discussion
the whole subject was referred to the. Works committee for report and
consideration.

THE STRANGE SUICIDE OF A POLICE-SERJEANT. —On Thursday afternoon Mr. W.
J. Payne held an inquiry at St. Bartholomew's hospital respecting the
death of Police-serjeant Robert Bridle, aged 50. —Mrs. Martha Bridle,
widow of deceased, said that she lived at 5, Norman's-buildings. Three
years ago deceased retired from the police force on a pension. He then
got employment on the Midland railway, and nine weeks ago a daughter,
his eldest one, aged 18 died. Her death preyed on his mind, and he
stopped away from the Midland railway works for two days, and he was
compelled to give up his employment. He then drank more than he ought,
and got into a desponding state. The depression, resulting from the loss
of his daughter and his situation, affected his head. The jury returned
a verdict—"That the deceased had destroyed his life while in a state of
temporary insanity."

THE ALLEGED FORGEEY BY A CITY POLICEMAN—At the Mansion-house, on
Thursday, Henry Redpath, a City policeman, underwent a final examination
on the charge of forging an endorsement on a banker's cheque, with
intent to defraud. It was now stated that the prisoner’s beat included
Gresham-street, where Messrs. Tapling's premises are; that the premises
were closed on the afternoon of Saturday, over the Bank holiday on
Monday, and until Tuesday morning; that meanwhile the letters in their
letter-box had greatly multiplied, and it was supposed that the letter
containing the cheque had flowed over into the street. The prisoner had
10 years' good character for services in the navy before joining the
City police. He was committed for trial.
