ALARMING ACCIDENT AT NEW BRIGHTON FERRY.

An accident, which was fortunately unattended by any fatal consequences,
occurred on Sunday afternoon at New Brighton-ferry.

It appears that during the construction of the new pier a temporary
landing-stage was erected a little to the north of the old stage, for
the purpose of landing and taking on board passengers at low water. This
temporary stage was formed of the old moveable stage, and was supported
on five rows of strong wooden piles with cross beams, which were
fastened together by seven-eighth inch bolts. The stage was about sixty
feet in length and eleven or twelve feet in height, extending to an old
steamer moored in the stream. Shortly before four o'clock a boat arrived
from Liverpool with about 200 passengers, who immediately proceeded to
land. The collector was stationed in a small box midway between the old
steamer and the shore, and here the passengers were densely crowded in
order to pay their fares. In an instant, without any previous suspicion
of danger on the part of those who had charge of the ferry, the bolts
which secured that part of the stage where the collector was stationed
gave way, the temporary landing place fell, and the, 200 passengers were
precipitated upon the sands. For a short time, the greatest
consternation prevailed lest some of the unfortunate passengers had
sustained fatal injuries. Fortunately, however, this was not the case,
although several of them were severely shaken and bruised. The most
serious accident occurred to police-constable Howe, who had his leg
fractured. Mrs. Holden, of Montpelier-terrace, was also injured about
the leg, and had to be taken home in a cab. Under considerable
excitement a number of spectators hastened to the assistance of the
passengers, who were in rather a pitiable plight, lying as they were
upon the sands, and being covered with mud. The large open boats in use
at the ferry having been brought up, a number of passengers remaining on
the steamer were landed, but others, owing to the inconvenience,
declined to go on shore, and shortly afterwards returned to Liverpool.
After a short time, the ordinary traffic was resumed, although some
excitement, occasioned by the occurrence, continued during the evening.
—Liverpool Mercury.
