THE MURDER IN MARYLEBONE.

On Monday, the Marylebone police court was again crowded to excess in
consequence of it having been generally imagined that some additional
witnesses would have been brought forward against the man William
Styles, for the murder of Emma his wife, in Victoria mews, St.
John's-wood, the particulars connected with which horrid affair have
upon more than one occasion appeared at some length in LLOYD'S
NEWSPAPER.

At three o'clock the prisoner was brought out from the lock-up room by
Mitchell the gaoler, and placed at the bar. It will be remembered that
since the last examination a coroner's jury had returned a verdict "that
Emma Styles had been brutally and wilfully murdered by some person or
persons unknown."

Mr. Broughton (to Inspector Porter): Are you pre pared with any fresh
evidence? —Inspector: No, sir, not at present.

Mr. Broughton: Have you still charge of the clothes which the prisoner
wore when taken into custody for the murder? —Inspector: I have, sir.

Mr. Broughton: Are they complete as they were then, or has anything
since been done to them? —Inspector: They are not complete now, your
worship; they were shown to Mr. Wakley, the coroner, at the inquest, and
some portions of the articles, upon which there were marks imagined to
be blood, were cut out. Two pieces were taken from the jacket, and two
more from the trousers. They were given to Dr. Hassell in order that he
might make a minute and careful examination thereof as to whether the
marks alluded to were human blood or not.

Mr. Broughton: Dr. Hassell is not here, is he? —Inspector: He is not,
sir.

Mr. Broughton gave directions that a summons should be issued against
the doctor to attend on Monday next, to which day the prisoner, who
declined saying anything, was remanded.

He was then locked up, and at the closing of the court was again
conveyed to the house of detention in the government van.

______________________

PLUNDER OF THE ST. BERNARD HOSPICE. —The government of the Valais has
resolved to plunder the hospice of the great St. Bernard of the landed
property which it held from the piety of the faithful, and which was
devoted to the assistance of the poor and of travellers. This unworthy
spoliation was commenced by a sale of a portion of the property on the
17th November, 1850. Further sales were to take place on Sunday last.
