DELIBERATE PERJURY

On Wednesday, at the Middlesex sessions, Charles Williams, twenty-six,
and Charles Slack, seventeen, were indicted for stealing a purse and
other articles, and 6s. 2d., the property and moneys of Alfred Jay, from
the person of Myra Allen Jay. –Slack pleaded guilty.

On the afternoon of Thursday, the 16th of March, Serjeant Coathorpe, of
the detective force, at Scotland-yard, who had known Williams for three
years, saw him riding by the side of the lad Slack on the top of an
omnibus, in the Strand, and having a suspicion of them, he got into a
cab and watched them to Charing-cross, where he saw both prisoners get
down. They afterwards got into other omnibuses, in one of which the
robbery was committed for which they were now charged.

Mr. Montagne Williams, on behalf of Williams, pointed out some
discrepancies in the evidence, and said with all his care and
intelligence Serjeant Coathorpe had this time made a mistake, and he
should set up an alibi and show that Williams was not at the place at
the time stated.

The prisoner Slack was then taken out of the dock and put into the
witness-box, and he swore that the other prisoner was an entire stranger
to him, that he never walked out with him, that he was not with him at
the time in question, but a man named Taylor, of Francis street,
Tottenham-court-road, was the party who assisted him in the robbery;
that Taylor was a different sort of man to the prisoner, and that he had
a black moustache and not a light moustache.

Charlotte Burkitt, of No. 3, Globe-street, Bethnal-green, said on this
Thursday the prisoner Williams had some words with his wife, and he came
to her house and remained there three or four days. He was not out from
the Tuesday till the time when the officers came, as he had very bad
legs at the time. He remained in her room with her husband and two
children.

Catherine Moseley, of No. 17, Catherine-street, City-road, said she went
to Mrs. Burkitt's room on Thursday, the 16th March, and saw a stranger
there, and that young man was the prisoner Williams. He was there from
half-past two o'clock until half-past five, and he did not go out during
that time.

Two witnesses were here called by Mr. Besley, who stated that they had
repeatedly seen the two prisoners together, and although Williams bore a
strong resemblance to his brother, who was a notorious thief, they knew
them perfectly well to distinguish one from another.

The assistant-judge very carefully summed up the evidence, and the jury
returned a verdict of "Guilty.”

A previous conviction was then put in against the prisoner Williams, in
1855, when he was sentenced to four years' penal servitude, after a
previous conviction.

The Assistant-judge (to the jury): I now wish to ask you, gentlemen, do
you believe that this woman Burkitt came here to commit perjury? —The
foreman of the jury: Not one of the jury, my loud, believe a single word
she says. —The assistant-judge directed her to be taken into custody,
and ordered that she should be prosecuted for perjury.

Mrs. Moseley was then called forward and cautioned, and it was stated by
Police-constable Miller, 148 G, that he had. frequently seen Williams go
in and out of her house, and he believed he lived with her. Mrs. Moseley
had also a son called Tom, who was the associate of thieves. —The
assistant-judge then ordered her to be taken into custody also.

George Lockyer, prison officer, said the boy Slack had three months'
imprisonment on the 30th of June, 1863, as a rogue and vagabond.

Miller, the constable, said that Slack was a most clever little thief,
and he had frequently jeeringly told witness that he was too clever for
him. He always had plenty of money, and once bought a horse to ride
about with.

James Block, 124 G, said he had known Williams for fourteen or fifteen
years as a thief, and he had been several times convicted. He never knew
him to do any work, and he was a trainer of thieves.

The assistant-judge said this was a most audacious robbery, and any
little sympathy they entertained for Slack, on account of his youth, was
done away with by his getting into the box and swearing deliberately to
that which he knew to be false. He saw no reason to make any distinction
between the prisoners, and the sentence upon each of them was, that they
be kept in penal servitude for seven years.

Serjeant Conthorpe was then ordered to stand forward, and the
assistant-judge said the court were of opinion that they ought to mark
their sense of his great activity and intelligence in following these
prisoners, by ordering him to receive a reward of 2l., not for the sake
of the money, but as an expression of the feelings of the court, for the
able manner in which he had acted in this case.
