ALLEGED FRAUDS BY A GENTLEMAN.

Robert Cæsar Bacon, a gentlemanly-looking young man, surrendered at the
Maidstone assizes, on Wednesday, to take his trial upon a charge of
obtaining the sum of 31l. 15s. from Richard Blandfield, farmer, by false
pretences.

This case appeared to create a great deal of interest on account of the
position in life of the prisoner, who was formerly a lieutenant in the
army, and served in the Crimea (where he acted as aide-decamp to Lord
Cardigan) and India, and who is said to be highly connected. It appeared
that the prosecutor was a wine merchant at Sandgate, near Dover, and
that the prisoner had been in the habit of dealing with him, and in the
month of November, 1865, he owed him about 6l. The prisoner went to him
on the 11th of that month and wrote a cheque for 31l. 15s. upon the
Knights bridge branch of the London and County bank, and he proposed to
pay his bill, and Mr. Jenner gave him the balance in five 5l. Bank of
England notes. The cheque was presented in due course and was
dishonored, and was returned to the prosecutor, with an intimation that
there were no effects belonging to the prisoner to meet it. It turned
out that the prisoner had opened an account with the Knights-bridge
branch of the London and County bank shortly before November, 1865, and
that the amount placed to his credit was 100l., which was paid in
through Cox and Co., the army agents; but as the time the cheque in
question was given he had no money at the bank to meet it; and, in point
of fact, his account had been overdrawn by a cheque for 11l. 16s. being
paid by mistake when there were no funds belonging to the prisoner in
the hands of the bank. It appeared that the prisoner was out of the way
for some time afterwards, and nothing was heard of him until the 23rd of
December, when he surrendered himself to Inspector Brennan at the
Bow-street police-station, and stated that he had heard that ho had been
advertised in the Hue and Cry, and a charge had been made against him of
obtaining money by false pretences. He told the officer that there was
no foundation for this charge, and that he had no intention to defraud,
and his father had offered 20s. in the pound to all his creditors, but
they would not take the money, and were actuated by some animus towards
him, and he wished to clear himself. The deputy-judge having summed up,
the jury retired to deliberate upon their verdict at two o'clock. —After
they had been in deliberation for about an hour they sent a message to
the learned judge, to the effect that there was no chance of their
agreeing upon a verdict, and they begged to be discharged. —Mr. Denman
said he did not feel justified in discharging them at present, and he
requested them to further deliberate. —They were then locked up until
seven o'clock, and at that time they again stated that there was no
probability of their giving a verdict, whereupon they were discharged.

The prisoner was tried on the following day on another indictment, when,
after a long consultation, the jury returned a verdict of "Not guilty."
