HORRIBLE CASE OF CHILD MURDER.

Some excitement has been occasioned in the town of Mansfield and
neighbourhood, by the sudden discovery of a child-murder, perpetrated
under the circumstances mentioned below, above a year since, if credence
is to be given to the principal witness, who made a certain statement to
a policeman a few days ago, which led to the apprehension of both the
prisoners on the serious charge of wilful murder. On Saturday morning,
both the prisoners were brought before J. Daddey, Esq., and were fully
committed to take their trial at the next northern March assizes. Their
names are William Dellon, aged sixty-four, formerly in the militia, and
Fanny Daykin, a dressmaker, about twenty-one years of age. Her parents
live at Hucknall-under-Huthwaite. The evidence of the principal witness,
Mary Berry, was to the following effect: —She was housekeeper to the
prisoner Dellon, about ten years. He lived at Mansfield-Woodhouse. She
left him about a year ago last September. About a week after
Mansfield-Woodhouse feast, which took place in July, 1850, the female
prisoner came to Dellon's house, but she did not observe she was in the
family way. She came on Monday, and left on the following Friday. On the
Tuesday or Wednesday in the same week, witness went upstairs, and found
the girl in labour—upon seeing which, she called up the male prisoner,
who delivered the girl of a child. She saw the child, and heard it cry.
As soon as it was born Dellon doubled it up, and put it into a utensil,
which he put out of sight. While the child was in the utensil, she
distinctly heard it gape twice. She never saw it afterwards. The girl
made no remark after the birth of the child, and no conversation took
place between her and the witness. The night before the female prisoner
left Dellon's house, witness, at the request of the girl, asked him how
much she was indebted to him. He said ten shillings, and witness
accordingly told the girl so, and the latter paid it to Dellon. Other
witnesses were examined, by whose evidence it appeared that the male
prisoner was apprehended by Superintendent Picker on Friday morning, the
12th inst. He said he never had a young woman in the house on that
occasion, and that somebody had done this out of malice to him. He made
a somewhat different statement to police constable Brown, at the
Mansfield lock-up. He then declared that Berry was a bad woman, had
buried in the garden something he saw on the bed upon being called up to
assist the girl in her labour, and afterwards burnt it in the fire. The
female prisoner was brought to the station on the same. day as Dellon,
and when told with what she was charged, she only said, "No, sir, it was
not me."

William Dellon was then examined in the usual manner, and asked if he
had anything to say to the charge. He made a statement utterly denying
having touched the woman in any manner whatever, and declared that she
only came to the house at the solicitation of his housekeeper, who said
she was a friend of hers.

Fanny Daykin, by the advice of her solicitor, declined saying anything.
—Both the prisoners were then fully committed to take their trial at the
next assizes. Bail was earnestly applied for, but of course refused.

On Sunday afternoon both the prisoners were brought by, train, and
safely lodged in the county gaol at Nottingham.
