CHILD MURDER IN CLERKENWELL.

On Thursday, an inquiry was instituted before Mr. Wakley, in Clerkenwell
workhouse, touching the death of a female child, whose lifeless remains
were discovered beneath the flooring of a water closet, at 18,
Chapel-street, Pentonville, the poor little creature having been
murdered by being, as it was at presumed, buried alive.

John Simmon, a youth residing with his parents, at 18, Chapel-street,
deposed that he found the deceased's body about half past eight o'clock
on Monday. He found it beneath the flooring of a water closet in the
garden at the back of the house. He was in company with another boy, the
landlady's son, at the time, and their attention was first attracted to
the spot by a peculiarly bad smell arising from the floor. This induced
them to take up one of the boards, and they at once discovered the body
beneath, with an old rough towel or piece of cloth covering it. The body
was left in the position in which they found it; and Mr. Butler, a
medical gentleman, was at once sent for.

Mr. Butler, surgeon, of 19, Chapel-street, deposed that he was called on
Monday morning to see the deceased’s body, which he found lying, as
described by the previous witness, in a hole beneath the flooring of the
water-closet. He should say it had been eight or nine days dead. From
the examination he had no doubt but that the child was born alive.

Mrs. Jones, landlady of the house, 18, Chapel street, stated that a
woman whom she suspected to be the mother of the child had been lodging
with her. The woman was a stranger to her, and she took a furnished
apartment in the house about three weeks ago. She was then enceinte, and
witness spoke to her on the subject, but she informed her that her
confinement would not take place until October, and she only wanted the
room for a week. She described herself as a married woman, and gave her
name as Houseliff. She said that her husband had gone to Glasgow in
search of business, and on Monday week she left at an early hour in the
morning, saying she was going to see her cousin at Greenwich. She locked
her door and took the key away with her, saying she would return on
Wednesday, but she never saw her again. The room door was forced open by
the police after the discovery of the child's body, and the carpet was
then found stained through with blood, and a sheet had been torn up, and
portions burnt. The woman appeared to be between. thirty-two and
thirty-five years of age.

The police stated that up to the present time the woman had eluded their
vigilance, although a strict search was being made for her.

The jury recorded a verdict of wilful murder against some person
unknown.
