TRIALS AT THE ASSIZES.

(From our later editions of last week.)

THE DORKING POACHING AFFRAY. —James Stevens, aged 62, a labourer, was
charged at Guildford with the wilful murder of William Groombridge,
gamekeeper. –George Scholey, jun., deposed to watching, on the morning
of Sunday, Nov. 25, with other keepers, of whom the deceased man,
Groombridge, was one. They heard shots, and ongoing to High Tree copse
they saw two men. Witness, after a struggle, secured one of them named
Edwards, but the other ran away, and turned and fired on Groombridge,
who was pursuing him. Groom-bridge fell to the ground, and on going up
to him they found him dead. The man then escaped. —Mr. Murphy urged that
the matter was a pure accident, and the jury found prisoner "Guilty" of
manslaughter. —Mr. Justice Hawkins sentenced him to 20 years' penal
servitude.

FIVE YEARS FOR BIGAMY. —Robert Wilson, 24, was indicted, at Leicester
assizes on Friday, for bigamy. The prisoner, who until lately was a
member of the Salvation Army, was married in 1885, and left his wife,
marrying a woman named Filby last September, representing himself to her
as a single man, and courting her for two years. —The judge sent him to
five years' penal servitude.

____________________

MURDER AT LEWISHAM. —Mr. Wood held an inquest, on Tuesday, on the body
of a woman named Louisa Smith, lately living at a common lodging-house
in Deptford. The deceased woman, an unfortunate, was found in an
insensible condition lying on the footway in Algernon-road, Lewisham,
early on Sunday morning, the 10th inst. On the advice of the divisional
surgeon she was removed to the workhouse infirmary. There she remained
unconscious until her death on Thursday night. The doctor's evidence
showed that death was due to an extensive fracture of the skull,
occasioned, without doubt, by a blow from some heavy instrument,
probably a hammer. The deceased was known to have been in company with a
man between 11 and 12 on the night of the 10th inst., but there was no
evidence as to his identity. The jury returned a verdict of "Wilful
murder" against some person or persons unknown.
