THE MURDER IN BERMONDSEY.

LATEST PARTICULARS.

FRIDAY MORNING.

VIOLENT BEHAVIOUR OF MRS. MANNING.

It being suspected by the authorities of Horsemonger lane gaol that
Maria Manning might do some violence to herself after hearing her fate
on Wednesday evening, it was thought advisable to have an extra woman in
attendance upon her. Accordingly, Mrs. Randall, the woman searcher of
the Southwark police station, was sent for that night to assist the two
other women in watching her. Mrs. Randall attended upon her during the
several lengthy examinations at the police court, and Mrs. Manning
seemed very much attached to her. As soon as she was introduced to her
in the cell, she seemed much pleased, and conversed freely with her on
several subjects. The unfortunate woman still asserts that she is
innocent, and will not be executed, and that some influential ladies
will intercede for her in high quarters. Yesterday she wrote two
letters, and believes that the contents will have the effect of saving
her life. On being told that her legal advisers had done all they could
for her, she stamped her foot on the floor, and exclaimed in a violent
manner-"Done all they could! Why, they have done nothing; they and
everybody else in the court decided upon hanging me before I was tried."
In alluding to her husband a few minutes after wards she said, "Ah, he
is a vagabond. I never said anything about him. He knows who murdered
poor O'Connor, and can tell all." She refuses all religious consolation,
and pays little attention to the Rev. Mr. Rowe, the chaplain. She has
been visited by a charitable lady, who attempted to instil into her mind
the awful position in which she stood, and implored upon her to offer up
her prayers to her Maker, but she listened with a deaf ear, and as soon
as the lady had left the cell she entered into conversation with her
attendants as unconcernedly as if she was free from crime. She eats
heartily, and sleeps well, but if any of her attend ants would converse
with her all night, she would sit up and join them. During some allusion
to her attorney (Mr. Solomon) and the counsel who defended her she
became much excited, and clinching her fists, exclaimed, "Oh, if I only
had them here I'd serve them out. They might have acquitted me if they
had done their duty." She, however, seems very confident that she will
be set at liberty, and has no idea that the sentence of the law will be
carried into effect. Her unfortunate husband is quite dejected. He is
completely emaciated, and unable to eat anything. Yesterday morning he
desired to have an interview with his attorney, Mr. Binns, as he had
some important communications to make to him. He particularly requested
that a special order should be obtained for him, and at his desire one
was got, and forwarded to Mr. Binns, who will attend at the gaol this
morning.
