MURDER OF A POLICE CONSTABLE.

On Friday William Pullin, 19 years of age, a sawyer, was indicted, at
Bristol assizes, for the wilful murder of Richard Hill, a
police-constable, on the 24th April, at Bristol. Mr. Saunders opened the
case. On the 24th of April last, at about nine o'clock in the evening,
Mr. Curtis, a baker, in Waterloo street, had his attention drawn to a
disturbance in the street. The prisoner was in a donkey cart, and he was
ill-treating the animal. Mr. Curtis left his shop and went to the
prisoner, and remonstrated with him for his cruelty. He (Mr. Curtis)
returned to his shop, whither he was followed by the prisoner, who made
use of violent and excited language. Mr. Curtis said if he could see a
constable he would give him into custody, and he went out to look for
one. He went up West-street and down Gloucester-lane, as far as the
Three Horse Shoes inn, but could not see a policeman, and was about to
return home when the prisoner, who had followed him, struck him in the
face and chest. The deceased constable, who was in plain clothes, had
witnessed the assault, and he came up and collared the prisoner. He
resisted, a scuffle took place, and in the struggle they got into the
bar of the Three Horse Shoes. Shortly after the man and the officer got
upon the ground, but before they did so the prisoner was observed to
have a knife in his right hand. They remained on the ground some little
time. Other officers came up, and prisoner was taken to the
police-station. The deceased got up, and walked as far as the door of
the house. He was observed to be deadly pale, and Mrs. Osborne gave him
some brandy. It was then noticed that there was a pool of blood upon the
floor of the bar, and a gash in the trousers of the constable. Mr.
Davis, a medical man, was fetched, and he found deceased in a state of
collapse, and in about a quarter of an hour be died. At a post-mortem
examination there were found to be two or three cuts, one of which had
severed a large vein and beneath that the artery which was a
continuation of the femoral artery, and the medical man stated that
death resulted from the injury. —Numerous witnesses deposed to these
facts. —The jury, after an hour and a-half's deliberation, found the
prisoner "Guilty," but strongly recommended him to mercy, on the ground
that he was excited by drink, and on account of his previous good
character. —Sentence of death was passed in the usual form.
