CHARGE OF EMBEZZLEMENT.

Albert Batchelor, a traveller, residing in Oxford-gardens, Notting-hill,
surrendered to his bail, at the West London police-court, on Saturday,
to further answer the charge of embezzling money belonging to Mr. Otway
Richard Sykes, who traded in the names of Messrs. Martin Sykes and Co.,
and who carried on the business of a waterproof garment maker, of
East-row, Kensal-road. The facts elicited on the last occasion were that
there was a stamped agreement between the accused and Mr. Sykes, and it
contained a clause that the document should not be constituted into a
partnership. Mr. Sykes' would have accepted him as a partner had it not
been for the fact that he (the accused) had been unsuccessful in
obtaining his discharge as a bankrupt. Mr. Syke's father had placed
1,700l. into the business, and the prosecutor admitted, under
cross-examination, that Mr. Sykes, sen., lent him and the accused
1,500l. of the money, under a covenant to repay it on call. This sum had
been recalled. The accused had power to receive money on behalf of the
firm, but had no right to appropriate it to his own purpose.

Flora Groves, a mantle maker, of Brixton-road, gave evidence as to the
payment of two sums of money, 18l. and 13l., to the prisoner for the
supply of goods by the firm—sums of money which the prosecutor stated
that he had not received. Witness added that the accused asked her not
to mention to the firm about his having received the money. She was
asked why she neglected to state these facts on the last occasion, and
she gave as a reason that the attack which was made on her private
character by counsel for the accused made her forget them.

Mr. John W. Capewell, who traded as Capewell and Hughes, at Lime-street,
Liverpool, said in June last the prisoner obtained from him an advance
of 5l., and said he would deduct it from the next account, goods having
been ordered from his firm.

The prisoner, who pleaded “Not guilty,” was committed for trial, bail
being accepted for his appearance.
