ALLEGED MURDER BY A MOTHER.

A woman, who gave the name of Mary Ingliss, aged forty, residing at 52,
Turnmill-street, Clerkenwell, was charged at the Clerkenwell
police-court, on Monday, with violently assaulting her daughter, Mary
Ingliss, and thereby causing her death.

The case excited a good deal of interest amongst the inhabitants of the
neighbourhood, owing to the bad conduct of the defendant. The deceased
had been dying for some time past, and although the doctor who had been
attending her informed the prisoner that she could survive only a few
days, she had been drunk every day, and in the constant habit of
ill-using the deceased. The prisoner's husband is represented as a
sober, respectable man, but quite heart-broken through the disgraceful
conduct of the prisoner. The latter, on being placed in the dock,
pretended to be out of her senses, put her hands together, said she was
innocent, and that this was all a conspiracy to ruin her.

Mrs. Sarah Rutherford said: I reside at 24, Eagle-court, John's-lane.
This morning I heard some children crying and saying that their mother
was murdering their sister. I went upstairs, and in a dirty room I saw
the defendant, who was abusing the deceased, and making use of very
disgusting language. I saw the defendant draw the deceased by the breast
out of bed and pull her by the hair about the room. Before this the
defendant had pulled the deceased half out of bed. There could be no
doubt about the defendant being drunk. She was informed that the
deceased was served the same on the previous night by the mother. She
had never seen the prisoner or the deceased until that morning. The
deceased died a few minutes after.

The defendant here exclaimed it was all false, and that the witness had
never been in the room in her life.

Witness continued: The defendant said that her daughter should never die
upon the bed, if she did she would be—.

Mrs. Anna Higgs said: I was sitting at the door this morning when I was
called to the deceased. I went upstairs and found defendant pinching the
face of the deceased. The defendant was pulling deceased's hair, and
said if she did not get out of bed she would "bash" her down on the
floor. The deceased asked me to lift her out of bed, so that she might
lie upon the floor; and when I was lifting the deceased out, the
prisoner came behind me and assaulted me. From her violence I hurt my
back, and feel the effects of it now. The prisoner made use of the most
frightful imprecations against both the deceased and her (witness). The
deceased said that, die when she would, her mother had killed her, and
wished her dead. The prisoner was a very dissipated woman, and left her
children for weeks to look after themselves. The prisoner appeared to
her to have been drinking in the morning.

The prisoner here made a great noise; and said her "dear husband could
otherwise prove; the poor dear dead child she had always loved and
looked after in the most affectionate manner.”

Mr. Tyrwhitt inquired if the prisoner was then perfectly sober?
—Sergeant Wotton said she had been the same ever since she was locked
up. She was a very dissipated woman, and he was informed that she had
not been properly sober for years.

Mrs. Higgs, in continuation, said that the deceased died about ten
minutes after the prisoner's violence. The room and bed were in such a
state that she would not have put a dog in, "leave alone a Christian."
All the time she was attending to the deceased the prisoner was abusing
her.

Police-constable Taylor said the prisoner was a very drunken woman, and
he had often been complained to about her dissipated habits. Her husband
was a respectable working man.

Ms. Mary Ann Peck said: I went up to the prisoner's room this morning,
and saw the prisoner pull the deceased out of bed. The prisoner also
scratched the deceased's face, and the marks are now plainly visible.
The prisoner, who was the worse for liquor, said to the deceased, with
an oath, "You shall not sleep or die upon my bed." She then pulled the
deceased out of bed, and made use of dreadful language. Since the
prisoner's daughter was taken ill and confined to her bed the prisoner
has often pulled her out of bed of a night. The prisoner made the
deceased go on the streets for a livelihood, and has waited for the
money of a morning. The prisoner was a very wicked woman, and had got
drunk on the proceeds of her own daughter's prostitution. –The prisoner
here made a great noise, and said she was a "pure" woman.

Mr. Tyrwhitt inquired how long after the prisoner's violence the poor
girl lived. —Witness: Not more than ten minutes; but before she expired
she said if she died her mother was the cause of her death.

Dr. Goddard said he had attended the deceased for some time, and found
her suffering from consumption. He had advised her to go into the
infirmary, but she had refused. He had told the friends that the
deceased could not live long, and had told them to keep her quiet.

Mr. Tyrwhitt: Are you of opinion that the violence used by prisoner upon
her daughter would accelerate her death? –Witness: Yes.

Mr. Tyrwhitt (to the prisoner): Have you anything to say in answer to
this charge? If you are pretending to be mad it will make no impression
here; but, if you are mad, your case shall be seen into by the proper
authorities.

The prisoner, in the most cool manner, said all the witnesses had sworn
falsely, and one of them had been drinking with her the night
previously. She then put her hands together, and said, "Oh, yes, am
innocent, and everybody swears false against me."

Mr. Tyrwhitt said that there might be some difficulty in the case. He
was willing to suppose that a person who, according to the statements
before him, had been drunk for years, did not know all that she was
about; but there was one thing quite clear, that when the witness went
to help the girl she was assaulted. He should order the defendant to pay
a fine of 3l., or, in default of payment, to be imprisoned in the house
of correction, without hard labour, for the assault on the witness
Higgs.

The prisoner here said she was being wronged, and wanted to know what
she could do.

Mr. Tyrwhitt ordered the prisoner to be taken away, and said that a more
cruel, hateful, and disgraceful case was never brought before him. —The
prisoner was then removed, screaming loudly.
