A FRAUDULENT INSURANCE AGENT.

At the Thames: police-court on Tuesday, George William Thompson, aged
twenty-seven years, and described as an insurance agent, of No. 52,
Weston- street, Pimlico, was brought up on remand, for the fourth time,
charged with obtaining various sums of money from upwards of 100
persons, by falsely representing himself as the agent of the Sun, the
Phoenix, the Norwich Union, the North British and Mercantile, the Royal,
the British Equitable, and other fire and life insurance offices; with
also obtaining other sums of money by falsely representing that he was
the agent of the National Provincial Plate Glass, and the London General
Plate Glass Insurance companies. He was also charged with obtaining by
false pretences, two bibles, valued at 2l. each, and an edition of
Bunyan's "Pilgrim's Progress" worth 20s. more, from Mr. Cameron, a
bookseller, in Paternoster-row.

The history of the prisoner, as unraveled by Mr. Walter Kerrissey, an
inspector of the K division, is a very extraordinary one. He was
formerly clerk to a solicitor, next a comic vocalist, and subsequently
in the service of Mr. Hensman, a merchant in the city. He was convicted
at the Central Criminal court in 1863 for feloniously embezzling 38l.,
the moneys of his employer, and he was sentenced to four months'
imprisonment. This light sentence was owing to his appearing to be very
ill and fainting in the dock, and he was looked upon as an "unfortunate
young man." He subsequently obtained employment as an agent to the
British Equitable Assurance office, and was in the receipt of good wages
until November last, when it was discovered that he was a defaulter to
the amount of 28l., and he was dismissed. Before and after that time he
carried on a most impudent and astounding fraud, by representing that he
was the agent of several insurance offices, and that he was authorised
to insure life, property, and plate-glass in the Sun, the Phoenix, the
Royal, the Norwich Union, and sundry other offices, and money flowed
into his pockets very rapidly. He always gave receipts, and promised the
policies of assurance in a day, a fortnight, or a month, but they were
never forthcoming. The lowest sum he ever received was 5s., and the
highest 6l. 11s. The larger amount he received of Mr. Axford, of
Neckinger-town, Bermondsey, on the representation that he would effect
an insurance on his life. He received two sums of 5s. and 14s. of Mr.
Wibrow, of Salisbury-place, Stepney, to insure his goods for 100l. in
the North British and Mercantile office, and his plate-glass in the
London and General. He became quite eloquent sometimes when he
recommended his dupes to insure their lives or their property. He said
they owed a duty to their wives, their children, and to society to do so
After a long and successful career of fraud he was arrested on the 5th
February by Inspector Kerrissey in the Bow-road. Kerrissey, on meeting
him, said, "Hallo, Thompson, is that you? The very man I have been
looking after for a long time." The prisoner accused a man who was
standing near of betraying him. Inspector Kerissey said, "No; he has
nothing to do with it. You must go along with me.” The prisoner said,
"For Heaven's sake, let me go, for the sake of my wife and two children.
All the money I received I intended to pay back again." On the third
investigation, as it was about to commence, the prisoner appeared to be
very ill; he groaned heavily, and fell in the dock. Mr. Richard Talbot,
a surgeon, of Limehouse, said the prisoner's life was not worth a year's
purchase. Although the magistrate was assured that the prisoner's
illness was assumed, and that he had acted a somewhat similar part on
his trial in 1863, Mr. Humphreys would not proceed in the face of such
alarming symptoms, and the prisoner has been twice remanded since. Mr.
Humphreys selected ten cases in which the prisoner had represented
himself as the agent of the Sun, Phoenix, Royal, and North British and
Mercantile insurance offices, and obtaining money from persons under
pretence of insuring their goods and stock in trade from loss by fire.
Gentlemen from the different offices said the prisoner was not an agent
for any of them, and that he had no authority to effect insurances, or
receive money on their behalf. Mr. Humphreys explained that although the
insurance offices had not suffered any pecuniary loss by the prisoner’s
misrepresentations, they united in this prosecution for the protection
of the public. The life insurance cases were not pressed, although the
most formidable, the prisoner having in several instances retained the
services of medical gentlemen to examine persons before they paid their
premiums, and give them certificates of health. The prisoner received
subscriptions for the purpose of presenting a testimonial to a
dissenting minister, and he put the donations into his own pocket. Other
cases of fraud were mentioned by Mr. Kerrissey, who said the prisoner's
victims were in every rank of life. He was committed for trial.
