ASSAULT BY VOLUNTEERS.

On Wednesday, George Acton, 20, bricklayer, was indicted at the
Middlesex sessions for assaulting and maliciously wounding Arthur
Bartley, and inflicting bodily harm. –Bartley and Henry Tovey, gunners
of the 9th battery of the 1st City of London Artillery volunteers, were
indicted for assaulting Acton. The indictment against Acton was first
proceeded with. He pleaded "Not guilty." –The evidence given by Bartley
was to the effect that on the night of the 7th of November, he, in
company with Tovey, attended a “sing-song” at the Havelock public-house,
Hammersmith. In consequence of one of the singers having been
unfavorably received, he remonstrated, and the result was that Charles
Toy, the chairman, threatened to turn him out. In order to avoid any
trouble, he and Mr. Tovey, his friend, walked out of the place. On their
getting out the chairman followed him and wanted to fight him. He and
Tovey then went home, as they lived in the same house, and were both
members of the 1st City of London Volunteers. On arriving at home he and
Tovey dressed themselves in their uniforms and put on their swords,
subsequently passing the Havelock public-house. They had only proceeded
along the street a short distance when a crowd of roughs surrounded
them, and Toy (the chairman of the concert) made a blow at him. In
retaliation he knocked Toy down, and then he and Tovey made their way in
the direction of home. The crowd followed and knocked him down, and
whilst he was on the ground Acton kicked him on the left side of the
face and on the left leg. Tovey was also knocked down by some other
members of the gang. Seeing themselves surrounded by a gang of desperate
roughs he and Tovey took the advice of some soldiers and ran off. Just
before reaching their door the prisoner and about six or seven roughs
overtook them, and Tovey being thrown down, Acton made an attempt to
steal his sword bayonet. Witness was also assaulted by the prisoner, and
in self-defence he drew his sword bayonet, with which he struck the
prisoner on the head, cutting it. The others then got out of reach, and
he and Tovey succeeded in escaping from their violence. –The jury
"Acquitted" the prisoner. –Henry Tovey, 26, and Arthur Bartley were then
placed on their trial, charged with having maliciously wounded George
Acton, the quondam prisoner. —It was shown by Acton that on the night
stated he was at the Havelock public-house attending the concert, where
he saw Bartley and Tovey. Bartley was uproarious, and was turned out of
the hall. Subsequently he saw him and Tovey dressed in uniform. Hearing
cries of “Murder," he proceeded in the direction of Redan-street, when
he was attacked by both of the defendants with their swords, serious
wounds being inflicted on his head. —Confirmatory evidence of this view
of the case was given; and in the result the jury "Acquitted Tovey, and
"Convicted Bartley. –In passing sentence, Mr. Fletcher said that the
court saw with regret a hardworking man like him in the dock. The court
considered the offence a very serious matter from a public point of
view. There were many volunteers entrusted with arms, and they must be
taught that in private and civil matters they must not use the arms
entrusted to them, as, if they did, they must take the consequences.
—Sentence was passed of six months' hard labour. —Mr. Fletcher
instructed Inspector Martin, M division, on duty in court, to report the
subject to the colonel of the regiment.
