SHOCKING MURDER BY A PHYSICIAN.

GLOUCESTER, Wednesday. —A fearful tragedy was enacted yesterday morning
at the town of Lydney, on the South Wales railway, between this city and
Chepstow. It appears that an elderly gentleman, of the name of Pownall,
a retired physician and a native of Wroughton, Wilts, has been residing
with Mr. Leete, surgeon, of Lydney, for the last three weeks. He had
formerly been an inmate of Northwood's asylum, near Bristol, but had
recently boon discharged as cured, with a certificate to that effect
from Dr. Davey, the medical superintendent. During his residence at
Lydney he has been quiet and gentlemanly in his habits and conduct, and
has never shown any symptoms of unsoundness of mind. About six o'clock
yesterday morning he knocked at the servants' bed room door, and called
them up. One of them (a girl named Louisa Cook, aged fifteen years)
dressed herself quickly, and went out. In a minute or two the other
girl, who had not risen, heard a scuffle on the stairs, and cries of
"Murder!" She got up and looked out, but could see nothing; and having
called out, "What is the matter?" received no answer. She returned into
the room to dress herself, leaving the door partly open, and in a minute
or two Dr. Pownall, in his shirt sleeves, looked into the room, and
said, Make haste; get assistance; someone has murdered her" and then
retired to his own room, locking the door. Sergeant Pope, of the police,
was immediately called in, and ongoing to Mr. Leete's bed room, he found
the poor girl, Cooke, lying dead upon the floor, with a fearful wound in
her throat, from which a large quantity of blood had flowed. The poor
girl had rushed into the room, exclaiming, "Master, he has murdered me;
I must die;" having repented which two or three times, she fell down
dead. Dr. Pownall was immediately apprehended, and submitted quietly. An
inquest was held last night at the Feathers hotel, Lydney, the Rev. H.
Philpot, the vicar, acting as foreman of the

jury.

Mary Ann Fryer, fellow servant of the deceased, and the policeman Pope,
having deposed to the above facts.

Dr. Pownall, who had not hitherto spoken, but sat at the table shading
his eyes with his hands, said slowly and in a deep voice, “I can tell
you I unfortunately did it. I can hardly assign any motive. I felt I was
bound to do something, and I could not resist it."

Mr. Charles Lydiat Leete deposed: I am a surgeon, residing at Lydney,
and decensed was in my service. This morning she rushed into my bedroom
with her throat cut, and died in a few minutes. When she came in she
exclaimed, "Master, he has murdered me; I must die." I have known Dr.
Pownall for

the last three weeks. He has been residing with me that time. He has all
along appeared sane and reasonable, and I saw no change in him when I
parted from him last night. He showed me a certificate from Dr. Davey,
which certified that he left his lunatic asylum cured.

Mr. Teague, the coroner, having summed up the case, the jury immediately
returned a verdict of wilful murder, and Dr. Pownall was committed for
trial at the next assizes.
