MURDER BY A FARMER.

Not more than a quarter of a mile from the scene of the fatal railway
accident which happened near Kirby station, on the Lancashire and
Yorkshire railway, a frightful murder was committed, both melancholy
occurrences being attributable, the former directly, the latter
indirectly, to the excessive use of intoxicating liquors. On Thursday
last, Henry Shacklady, labourer, was killed on the spot by his employer
and brother-in-law, Henry Mercer, of Kirby, farmer, who struck him with
a hay-fork three violent blows, the first on his shoulder, on receiving
which the deceased fell to the ground, and while prostrate Mercer struck
him twice on the head, and inflicted severe wounds each time. Immediate
death was the result. Deceased was heard to sob twice, and then it was
discovered that he was dead. An inquest was held on Saturday, on his
body, before Mr. C. E. Driffield, at the house of Mrs. Ashcroft,
Red-brow, Kirkby, at which the following witnesses were examined: —John
Jonathan Southward, Martha Webster (the deceased's sister), and Thomas
Colovin. Mr. Robert Woods, surgeon, who made a post mortem examination,
and policeman 428, gave their evidence. John J. Southward deposed that
he and the deceased were leaning on a gate. He saw Mercer go into a
field and come out again, but he saw nothing in his hands. Did not see
deceased go into the fold of Mr. Mercer at all. Saw Mercer make at
deceased with the prong end of a fork. Never heard the deceased speak.
Heard him sob once or twice. —Martha Webster was the next witness. She
said: My brother was little more than twenty-nine years old, and
unmarried. Worked for Mr. Mercer sometimes, who is my sister's husband.
She has been recently confined, and I have been nursing her. I did not
hear Mr. Mercer and my brother have any words. About half-past five
o'clock I saw Mercer come in a hurry. He ran up the garner steps and got
a fork out of the garner. I ran out of the house before he came out. He
was then coming down the steps with the weapon in his hands. I heard my
brother exclaim, "Thou art not going to kill me, art thou?" I called out
to my brother to run, and he ran. Mercer followed him, and I called
"Stop." Mercer overtook my brother after he had run a short distance,
knocked him down with the prong end of the fork, and as soon as he tell
he struck him twice. The first time he struck him a very severe blow on
the head. By the time he struck the third blow I got between them. He
then threatened me; but I stepped to one side, and the third blow fell
on my brother, who never stirred after he fell. The jury, after
deliberating a quarter of an hour, returned a verdict of "Wilful murder"
against Henry Mercer, who was committed to take his trial at the present
assizes.
