THE SELF-ACCUSED MURDERER OF EMMA JACKSON AGAIN.

On Thursday, Timothy Connell, forty-three, a strange-looking man,
described in the calendar as a tailor, was placed at the bar of the
Middlesex sessions indicted for attempting to commit self-murder by
throwing himself from Hammersmith-bridge into the river Thames. This was
an extraordinary case in consequence of the pertinacity with which the
prisoner had striven to make away with himself.

The indictment to which the prisoner pleaded was an unusual one. From
the evidence adduced it appeared that about four o'clock one afternoon
during last month the prisoner was seen to run along Hammersmith-bridge,
mount the parapet, throw his hands wildly into the air, and precipitate
himself into the river. The prisoner disappeared under the water, and
was some time before he came to the surface. He was observed by a
waterman, who put off in a boat and dragged him from under the water
into his boat. The prisoner was quite insensible, and it was a long time
after he was taken on shore before he spoke.

Mr. Payne inquired if the prisoner had been seen by the surgeon.
—William Turnock, the dock officer, was sworn: He said the prisoner had
been under the supervision of Dr. Smiles, the prison surgeon, during the
last month, and he said that he was quite same.

Frederick Williamson was examined: He said he was inspector of the
detective police at Scotland yard. He had known the prisoner since
March, 1864, when he gave himself up to the police authorities at Essex,
and charged himself with committing a murder. The murder that he accused
himself of was upon the person of Emma Jackson, that created a great
sensation for some time. The prisoner was taken before the magistrate at
Bow-street and remanded to allow inquiries to be made. Inquiries were
made, when it turned out that there was no foundation for it at all, and
the prisoner was not the murderer. Since then the prisoner has attempted
to commit suicide by throwing himself out of window, and has suffered
imprisonment for it. When the prisoner committed the act of which he was
then charged he had only been discharged from Bow-street police-court
about two hours, having been charged with a similar offence. He went
straight to Hammersmith-bridge, and must have hurried there.

The prisoner said he sometimes entertained strange notions of things. He
thought sometimes that he could raise the dead and make people fair and
beautiful forever.

Mr. Payne said that after what the prisoner had said he must be seen
again by the prison surgeon. — The prisoner was then put back and again
examined by the prison officer.

Dr. Smiles was then sworn. He said that he had examined the prisoner,
and he had been under his notice for some time past. He believed he was
sane, but was a silly, foolish fellow.

Mr. Payne, having remarked that it was very wicked to attempt to take
away his own life, sentenced the prisoner to three months' imprisonment.
—The prisoner was then removed.
