SERIOUS DOUBLE CHARGE.

On Wednesday, William Scones, aged forty-eight, the keeper of the Alpha
Arms beer shop, Alpha-place, Islington; John Beeston, aged twenty-one,
described as a hawker, having no home; and Henry Smith, a hawker of
catameat, were charged at Clerkenwell police-court — Scones with
committing a rape on Elizabeth Watson, a servant, of Loudham,
Nottingham, and Beeston and Smith, with aiding and abetting him in the
commission of the same, at the parish of Islington, also stealing a
half-sovereign her money.

The complainant it appeared came to town on Tuesday morning, and
according to her statement was accosted by Smith, at King's-cross, and
taken by him to Scones' beer shop. When she had been there a short time
with Beeston and Smith, Scones came into the parlour having been in and
out two or three times before, and she was then seized by Smith and
Beeston, forced on the table, and, although she screamed and struggled
violently, the prisoner Scones committed the crime with which he was
charged. She could not kick Scones because Beeston held her legs. When
she went into the parlour she had a bag, in which was half a sovereign,
and when she got outside the house she found that her money was gone.
Before she left one of the prisoners offered her half a sovereign not to
say anything about what had occurred, but she refused to accept it. As
soon as she saw a policeman she informed him of what had occurred, and
went with him to the station, and having given a description of the
prisoners, she went with the police to the Alpha Arms, and the prisoners
were taken in charge. Complaints are frequently being made that skittle
sharpers and thieves are allowed to congregate at King's-cross, to trap
the unwary that arrive by the Great Northern railway.

The complainant, who gave her evidence in anything but a becoming
manner, on cross examination by Mr. Wakeling, said that she had been in
town for two years before she went to the country — a short time back.
She also denied being the worse for liquor.

The prisoner Smith said the complainant was the worse for liquor when he
took her into the house. The defence set up was the denial of the charge
in toto.

Mr. Barker said it was a case for further inquiry, and remanded the
prisoners until Tuesday next. Mr. Wakeling applied for bail to be taken
for the prisoner Scones. There was no evidence against him, except the
unsupported statement of the prosecutrix.

Mr. Barker declined to accede to the application at present. If Mr.
Wakeling pleased he could apply to a judge at chambers on the question
of bail.

The police applied that something might be given to the girl out of the
poor-box, but it not being a fit case she was sent to the workhouse.
