THE OBSTRUCTION IN CHEAPSIDE.

On Thursday, Jas. Thompson, a mason, of Palace-road, Lambeth, was
brought before Mr. Alderman Lusk, at the Mansion-house, on a charge of
having obstructed the thoroughfare, opposite Bennett's clock, in
Cheapside.

Officer 448 said that about twelve o'clock on Thursday the defendant was
standing in front of Bennett's clock, and that although repeatedly
requested to move on he refused to do so, stating that he should wait
until a quarter past twelve to see the figures Gog and Magog strike the
quarter hour upon the bell. The consequence was that, although the
street was not very much crowded at the moment, there was some
obstruction caused by the obstinate refusal of the defendant to leave
the spot, and this obstruction was rendered somewhat annoying to the
public because the front of the Manchester Fire assurance office,
opposite Bennett's clock, was newly painted, and pedestrians ran the
risk of having their clothes smeared.

The prisoner said his reply to the charge was very simple. He was a
mason by trade, and had made that day a holiday. He was passing along
Cheapside with his wife about ten minutes after twelve o'clock, and
having heard and read a good deal about Bennett's clock, and the way Gog
and Magog struck the hours and quarter-hours upon the great bell, he
thought he would wait until a quarter after twelve to see the figures
raise their hammers and strike. The officer came up before he had been
standing on the footway more than half a minute, and told him to move
on, and he then walked up and down the place rather smartly. This
displeased the officer, who took him off to the station-house, and
booked him as a public obstructionist.

Alderman Lusk said the streets of London were in general very narrow for
the accommodation of the tens of thousands of the population who had to
pass through them daily on business. The defendant and everybody else
should know that they were not to stand gazing and blocking up the
footways. However, as this was the first case of the kind which had been
brought before the court, the prisoner would be discharged; but he must
bear in mind that his misconduct was not to be repeated.
