SUSPICIOUS DEATH OF A WOMAN.

On Monday, at the Southwark police-court, John Long, 29, was charged on
suspicion with having caused the death of a woman named Sullivan in the
River Thames, near Waterloo-bridge, on Friday, May 9 last. –Edward
Knell, a constable of the Thames police, deposed that on the 26th ult.
he was on duty near Millwall, and about half-past six o'clock he saw the
body of a female floating in the river. With the assistance of two other
constables he removed the remains to the Poplar mortuary. The deceased
was about 28 years of age, and the body was much decomposed. An inquest
was held on May 28. The body was not identified, and the jury returned a
verdict of "Found drowned." –Mary Sullivan said she resided at 9,
Bromley-place, Westminster. On Sunday she went with the police to the
Poplar police-station, and there she immediately recognised the clothes
of her sister, Abby Sullivan, whom she last saw alive on May 9. She left
her home at a quarter-past six that morning to go to work, and her
friends had not since seen her. Witness did not know anything of the
prisoner. —John Sandford, corn porter, stated that on Friday night, the
9th ult., he was at work on a barge near Waterloo bridge. Shortly after
11 o'clock he saw a man and woman go down to the edge of the water.
Shortly afterwards he heard the man "hollering.” Witness asked him what
he wanted, and he replied, "She's gone down." As he kept on calling out
witness said to him, don't be off, the police will be after you.”
Witness did not what was the matter as he could not get off his barge.
—Serjeant Clinch, a detective of the B division, deposed that he and
Serjeant Helson went to 22, Cottage-place, Lambeth, where they arrested
the prisoner, who made a statement, which Serjeant Helson took down in
writing. –Serjeant Helson read this statement, which was as follows: —"I
saw a woman in the court, Cottage-place. She asked me the way to
Westminster, and I showed her as far as the pillar-box in
Commercial-road. This was at half-past 10 or a quarter to 11 at night. I
left her and went to the Hero and had a pint of beer. I then went up to
Waterloo-bridge and looked over and saw a woman on the shore. The tide
was running out at the time. I went down the steps and said, “Where are
you going?” She said, “All right, young man.” She came up to the shore
with me as far as the timber. I went to wipe my boots, and while doing
so, I heard her splashing through the mud, and before I could get up to
her she was in the then went water and going down with the tide. I then
went to the Waterloo Arms and told the landlady." The serjeant added
that upon being taken to the station Long said, "The woman I saw on the
shore was not the woman I saw in the court.” On being charged with
causing the death he made another statement to Inspector M'Gillicuddy of
a somewhat similar character. —Mr. Slade remanded the prisoner.
