TRIALS AT THE MIDDLESEX SESSIONS.

A COURAGEOUS POLICEMAN. —Benjamin Watson, 38, was indicted for breaking
and entering a warehouse and stealing a bundle containing two gimlets
and other articles, the property of John Carruthers. –The prisoner was
found "Guilty," and sentenced to four months' imprisonment with hard
labour, and Police-constable Cobb, 263 T, was highly commended, and
received a reward of 1l. for his courageous conduct in the apprehension
of the prisoner, with whom he struggled for a considerable time.

CHARGE OF EMBEZZLEMENT FROM A CLUB. –Robert Cox surrendered to his bail
to answer an indictment charging him with having embezzled 2s. 6d., 2s.,
and 9d, received by him for his employer, Ernest Preston. In another
indictment he was charged with having stolen four nails and 53
envelopes, the property of Ernest Preston. –The prosecutor is the
proprietor of the Regency club, Savillerow, and the prisoner had been
employed for some months as head waiter, at a salary of 5l. a month,
with board. It was alleged that he had kept back part of his takings.
—Mr. Purcell called witnesses, who gave the prisoner an excellent
character. –The jury "Acquitted" the prisoner.

MURDEROUS ASSAULT WITH A CROWBAR. —John Bayliss surrendered in discharge
of his bail to answer an indictment charging him with maliciously
wounding John Levi. It appeared that an altercation occurred between the
parties previous to this assault, during which the prosecutor pulled the
prisoner's nose. Subsequent to this another disturbance took place, in
the course of which the prisoner dragged the prosecutor into his own
shop, and then struck him over the head and shoulders with a crowbar,
inflicting very serious wounds. –Witnesses were called on behalf of the
prisoner, whom it was stated had been 21 years in the neighbourhood and
bore an excellent character. After considerable deliberation, the jury
found the prisoner "Guilty of occasioning actual bodily harm," but
recommended him to mercy on the ground that he had received great
provocation. –The Assistant judge sentenced the prisoner to four months'
imprisonment with hard labour, ordering him in addition to pay the costs
of the prosecution, to enter into his own recognisances in the sum of
100l., and to find one surety in 100l., to keep the peace and be of good
behaviour for two years.
