ATTEMPTED MURDER AT BETHNAL GREEN.

Thomas Fletcher, described as a horse-hair manufacturer in New
Nichol-street, Bethnal-green, was charged, on Friday, at the
Worship-street Police court, with wounding a young married woman, named
Mary Anne Bragge, with intent to murder her.

The prosecutrix, who was very weak, stated that prisoner had formed a
strong attachment towards one of her sisters, but his affection was not
at all reciprocated by the latter, who had recently proceeded to the
Continent. The prisoner, however, had been in the occasional habit of
visiting at her house, and on the evening of the 19th inst., while she
was conversing at the street-door with a lodger, he presented himself in
a state of great excitement, and having ascertained upon inquiry that
her husband was from home, requested to speak to her alone, as he had
something particular which he wished to communicate. She accordingly
invited him into the parlour, on entering which the prisoner intimated
that he had been informed by her husband that she had received a letter
from her sister apprising her of her intention to return home in a few
weeks, and commencing upbraiding her with her unkindness in failing to
furnish him with intelligence in which he felt so deep an interest. She
used her best efforts to pacify him, but became much alarmed on
observing in his hand an open clasp-knife, and was endeavouring to avoid
him, when the prisoner caught hold of her and struck her a violent blow
on the left side, which caused her to stagger back several paces. The
instant he had dealt the blow, the prisoner darted out of the room and
escaped from the house, and she was not at all aware of the serious
injury she had sustained until sometime afterwards, when she felt a
trickling sensation under her clothes, accompanied by a sense of
faintness, and on taking off her dress she discovered that the upper
part of it had been perforated by some sharp instrument, together with
her stays, which were completely saturated with blood, and that she had
received a severe stab in the left side. She was immediately removed to
the London Hospital, where she had ever since remained, and her husband
proceeded in search of the prisoner, and ultimately gave him into
custody.

William Slater, a silk weaver, who was in conversation with the
prosecutrix when the prisoner reached the house, fully corroborated the
first part of her evidence, and expressed his confident belief that he
was sober at the time.

Remanded.
