WORKING MEN AND THE PREMIER.

Mr. Gladstone's speech formed the topic for discussion at the meeting of
the "Patriotic society" of working men, in their room, at Kirby-street,
on Monday night. –Mr. Roberts, president of the Revivers of British
Industry, was put in the chair as an impartial critic, and the debate
was opened by Mr. Winn, plasterer. –A resolution was then moved by Mr.
Savage, die sinker, to the effect, “That Mr. Gladstone had vindicated
his policy from the insinuations made against it, had proved himself to
be the most practical and patriotic minister of his time, and was
entitled to the support of the meeting in the measures he desired to
pass for the benefit of the masses." –The resolution was seconded, and
several able and energetic speeches were made in its support, to the
general effect that, although Mr. Gladstone might not go so far in the
direction of Democracy as many in the meeting could desire, he had given
more opportunities than any former minister for the progress of Liberal
measures. –An adverse amendment was moved and seconded, but was defeated
by an overwhelming majority. –Mr. George Odger, who spoke in the course
of the debate, drew a broad line between Mr. Gladstone and several of
the members of his Ministry. It was, in his opinion, the bounden duty of
every Englishmen to thank Mr. Gladstone for his past conduct as a
politician (cheers). –Putting an interpretation different from that of
previous speakers on the Premier's statement that he would think thrice
before going to work to abolish the House of Lords, Mr. Odger regarded
this as a hint that he would wait until he had the more pronounced
support of the people. It was true, as Mr. Gladstone had said, that
thought too much of the Lords; they had a sneaking regard for them–the
regard of a sneak, not that of a man (cheers). Let them discard this
feeling altogether, and at a future meeting express their opinions on
the question in unmistakable terms (cheers). Mr. Gladstone's earnestness
in the cause of progress had never been equalled by any prime minister;
but with, the present House of Commons, no statesman, were he an angel
from Heaven come down to legislate, could carry any good measure. He
would therefore add to the resolution a hope that in the future Mr.
Gladstone would take into his Government men of more earnestness and
sympathy with the wants and claims of the working people. –With this
rider the resolution approving of Mr. Gladstone's ## was adopted.
