LAW INTELLIGENCE.

WHITECHAPEL COUNTY COURT.

LOAN SOCIETIES AND THEIR LAWYERS. —VESSEY v. MASTERS. —Sergeant Jones
stated that his client sought to recover the sum of £20 for work,
labour, and expenses incurred as attorney to the defendant, under the
following circumstances: —The defendant, having a loan society held at
his house, engaged the plantiff to sue a Mr. Estall, a defaulter to the
society for £6. His client advised the defendant to sue in the county
court, but his advice was rejected, Mr. Masters observing that he would
have the case brought in a superior court, as Mr. Estall could well
afford to pay the expenses incurred. The action was brought in the Court
of Common Pleas, and proceedings went on until judgment had been
obtained against Mr. Estall, who was finally incarcerated in
Whitecross-street Prison for the debt and costs. Whilst incarcerated,
Mr. Estall wrote to his client, tendering £5, and stating that if that
were refused he would lay it out, and they would not be paid a farthing.
His client upon receipt of this letter waited upon the defendant, who
remarked that he had heard that there was an action of crim. Con.
against Mr. Estall, and that the offer had better be accepted. A rather
curious feature in the case was, that the defendant and his colleagues,
not wishing to have their names appear as plaint, alleging that it would
be injurious to their business to have it so, empowered the plaintiff to
procure a substitute, upon which he got a Mr. Devonport to appear
plaintiff. Upon the action being settled, his client sent in his bill of
costs, £23 2s. 6d., and although Mr. Masters had admitted he ought to be
paid, and should be paid, he had not received the money—Mr. Vessey,
examined by Mr. Sergeant Jens, corroborated the learned sergeant's
statement, but added that he was inveigled into the house of the
defendant (a public house in Rosemary-Iane) under the pretence that if
he brought all his papers connected with his proceedings with the loan
society, he should be paid. Having done so, and signed a receipt for the
amount, a quarrel was got up and he not only lost all his papers in the
pretended melee, but also the receipt he had written, without having
received the amount. —Mr. Parnell, who appeared for the defendant, in
cross-examination, elicited from witness that he did not know who stole
his papers. That Mr. Davenport, the spurious plaintiff against Mr. Estall,
was his nephew. That he was a clerk, mercer, and draper. Did not know
where he lived. Had been concerned in other actions, in which his nephew
had figured as plaintiff. Had called fifty or sixty times at the
defendants for a glass of ale, but not charge him 6s. 8d. each time. Had
never told Mr. Roach, or any one else, that he should only charge the
society costs out of pocket, trusting to Mr. Estall for his harvest. —A
clerk to the plaintiff, and a solicitor, gave evidence that the charges
made were reasonable. —Mr. Parnell, for the defence, said that this was
one of the most iniquitous demands that was ever made. He was sorry to
ask the jury to disbelieve every word the plaintiff had uttered It was
apparent that Mr. Vessey, whose business appeared to be carried on in
public-houses, and whose poverty did not permit him to keep a constant
clerk, was at a likely person to recommend a client a mode of suing
which would militate against his pecuniary interests. It was
inexplicable. He had to give a most broad and distinct denial to the
claim, and would show that the case was put to the bands of the
plaintiff with the distinct understanding that Mr. Vessey should only
pay costs out of pocket. He did not wish to weary the jury, but could
call his witnesses, who would prove that the plaintiff was not entitled
to one penny. He could not conclude without observing, that it shewed
the quality of the Court of Common Pleas, wherein costs of £23 2s. 6d.
were allowed to recover £6. —J. Masters, the defendant, and several
witnesses (members of the City of London Lon and Mint Society) severally
swore that they knew nothing of Mr. Davenport being the plaintiff
against Estall, nor had they instructed Mr. Vessey to sue in a superior
court. —In their cross-examination they most materially differed. —Mr.
Roach, the gaoler of the Thames Police-court, stated that he was a
member of the loan societies, and engaged the plaintiff to sue Mr.
Estall. —After an address from Mr. Sergeant Jones, the learned judge
lucidly summed up, and the jury immediately gave a verdict for the full
amount claimed.
