UNFOUNDED POLICE CHARGE.

On Thursday Moss Posner, 22, of short stature, the son of a master
tailor, carrying on business in the High-street of Kensington,
surrendered to his bail at Hammersmith police-court to answer the charge
of being disorderly and assaulting Police-constable Cotterell, 26 T R.,
by kicking him on the groin while in the execution of his duty. –At the
last examination it was alleged that Serjeant Pontin caused the prisoner
to be charged because he told him to pay his father the half-crown which
he had borrowed of him. The serjeant, on oath, positively denied ever
borrowing a half-crown of the prisoner's father, though the latter
stated that he came into his shop and asked for one, which he lent him.
—The constable was now recalled and questioned by Mr. Besley. He said he
had not been to the divisional surgeon about the kick. The prisoner
kicked him with his toe, but being so close to him he was not able to
kick him with force. He believed the prisoner intended to kick him with
force. —Mr. Posner, the father, was recalled. He said that on returning
from the station Serjeant Pontin followed, saying, "I owe you half a
crown. here it is." Witness said he did not wish to have any
communication with him, went in and slammed the door. —Mr. Besley called
William Littlefield, a decorator, who said that he came up and heard the
prisoner "Instead of interfering with me, you say had better pay my
father the half-crown you owe him.” The serjeant said, “We don't want
any of your nonsense, you had better go indoors; we won't have you
loitering about here.” He then took hold of the prisoner and forced him
towards the back entrance of his house. The prisoner said, "I will have
no more of this; I have been interfered with once or twice before; I
shall call my father, and he will see into this." He then rang the bell.
Mr. Posner came down and asked the serjeant the meaning of the bother,
and why his son was annoyed in that manner. When he said he would see
into it the serjeant turned round to the constable and told him to
charge the prisoner, who was then taken to the station. There was no act
of violence by the prisoner. –Mr. George Wright Ravenhill, residing in
the neighbourhood, said he was passing, and heard the police tell the
prisoner to go home. He said he was talking to a friend and was not
doing any harm. Something was said about half a crown, and then one of
the officers pushed him. He saw the father come out, and heard him say
his son should go to the station, but they should not push him about.
Witness swore the prisoner If he bad did not kick the constable. kicked
him he must have seen it, as the prisoner was short and the constable
tall. —The prisoner's brother was called, and confirmed the statement of
his father as to Serjeant Pontin offering to repay him the half-crown he
owed him. —Mr. Bridge said the prisoner must be discharged, as he did
not believe the prisoner was guilty. He would not say more than that
there ought to be an inquiry into the conduct of the serjeant and
constable.
