MURDER BY A MOTHER IN DUBLIN.

At the Dublin police-court on Friday Catherine Stevenson, wife of a
labourer, was charged with having on the 27th July murdered her son
George Stevenson, aged six years, by knocking out his brains with a
hammer and a fireshovel, and also with having on the same occasion
attempted to murder her second son, Thomas Stevenson, aged nine years,
by fracturing his skull with the same weapon. She further charged with
having on was the same date attempted to commit suicide by fracturing
her skull with a hammer. There was a fourth charge against her of having
an the 27th of October again attempted to commit suicide while in the
hospital, by cutting her throat with a table-knife. The unfortunate
woman, who had become unconscious after she was brought down to court,
was carried into the presence of the magistrate by four policemen, and
placed on the seat at the solicitors' table, where she remained,
apparently in a state of coma, during the investigation. A police
inspector stated that she was better on Thursday, and that her present
illness had come suddenly upon her. Evidence was then given as to the
discovery of the children in the room—one of them dead, with its brains
knocked out, and the other in an apparently dying state, with its skull
fractured; and also to the admission of the prisoner that she had
inflicted the wounds, and that she attempted to kill herself by striking
herself on the forehead with the hammer. —Evidence was also given of the
attempt by the prisoner to commit suicide while in the hospital by
cutting her throat with a table-knife, which she had concealed under the
bedclothes. —Mr. Bolton, the Crown solicitor, who prosecuted, asked that
she should be committed to the Commission for trial, and she would then
be committed as a dangerous lunatic. —Mr. Woodlock said he would not, in
the woman's present condition, send her for trial, as she was not
professionally represented, and had not heard the evidence. He would
therefore remand her, and she would be sent back to the hospital. –The
accused, who remained unconscious, was carried out of court, and
conveyed back to the hospital in a cab.
