EXTENSIVE GOLD ROBBERY.

At the Hales Owen police-court, on Tuesday, two men, giving the names of
Thomas Edwards and Thos. Williams, both of Birmingham, were charged with
having, on the 21th of October last, burglariously entered the
dwelling-house of Mr. Thos. Withers, of the Woodman inn, Hales Owen, and
stolen therefrom 1,350l. in gold. On the 26th ult. Police-constable
Abbott, of the Birmingham police force, was on duty, in plain clothes,
in Snow-hill, when he saw the prisoners, whom he knew as bad characters.
The officer's suspicions were aroused by the appearance of the men, and
he accordingly stopped and searched them. His suspicions proved to be
correct, from the fact that 296l. 10s. 6d. in gold and silver was found
upon the prisoner Edwards. The prisoners were locked up and in due time
brought before the magistrates at Birmingham, where, after a preliminary
inquiry, they were remanded to Hales Owen. On Tuesday, the prosecutor
said that he was a timber merchant, residing in Hales Owen. He had been
in the habit of keeping money in his house to a large amount. On the
24th of October last he had as much as 1,350l. in gold by the side of
his bed. He kept the key of the chest in his pocket. About six o'clock
in the evening his granddaughter went into the room and discovered the
loss. She immediately called to him, and he found the box on the bed,
and a quantity of writings thrown about. The gold had, however, been
taken away. He had seen a quantity of sovereigns in the possession of
Police-constable Abbott that morning, and he could swear that some of
them were his property (the bag of gold was here produced, and the
witness selected a sovereign with a peculiar mark upon it.) He had often
seen that sovereign whilst counting his money. Police-constable Abbott
stated that he met the prisoners in Snow-hill, and searched them. He
found 296l. 16s. 6d. on Edwards, who said he could not account for his
possession of the money, but if the officer had more right to it than he
had, be (the officer) had better take it. Other evidence tending to
connect the prisoners with the robbery was given and they were committed
for trial.

________________________

MRS. BROWN A WIDOW AT LAST. —The husband of the woman Brown, whose
anxiety to become a widow, it will be remembered, led to her examination
before the Plymouth magistrates a short time. since on a charge of
endeavouring to cause her husband's death, died at his house, in
Milton-street, on Sunday morning last.
