COMMITTAL OF A SURGEON.

On Tuesday evening, Mr. Humphreys and a jury assembled at the Lord
Wellington public-house, Three Colt-lane, Cambridge-road, Bethnal-green,
respecting the death of Eliza Garrett, aged thirty-four years, who, it
was alleged, had died from injuries caused by a medical gentleman named
Benjamin Vale, of No. 6, Henry-street, Limehouse fields. —The case
excited unusual interest, and the inquest-room was crowded during the
inquiry.

The first witness called was William Garrett, of 9, Coventry-street,
Three Colt-lane, who said: The deceased is my wife, and I know she was
enceinte. I did not know that she was in the habit of visiting Mr. Vale,
but she had told me that she was going to a gentleman for advice to do
away with the child. I did not know how long she had gone in her
pregnancy. She had not had any miscarriage to my knowledge. There was
not any agreement between me and the deceased respecting her having more
children. It was not my wish for her to go to Mr. Vale, and I forbade
her going to him three weeks since. She told me one night that she had
been to him, and said that he had used instruments upon her person. She
had had some medicine from him. —Coroner: But wait, if you please. Did
she tell you what the instruments were used for? —Witness: I believe
they were used to do away with the child. — Coroner: Did she tell you
what Mr. Vale was to charge her? —Witness: No, she did not. She was in a
great deal of pain, which came on after the instruments had been used.
—Coroner: What did you do after that? —Witness: Nothing. I allowed her
to go on with the medical man she had engaged. —Coroner: Do you mean to
say that you allowed your wife to lie in that state without calling in a
proper qualified medical man she had engaged? —Witness I did not
interfere? —Coroner: What is your opinion as to the cause of your wife's
death? —Witness: I believe that she has died from injuries caused by the
use of the instruments.

Lucy Reynolds, who lived next door to the deceased, stated that the
latter had been delivered of two dead children, that she was in great
agony before she died, and that she made the following statement to
witness. She said that she had taken something to cause a miscarriage,
that she had been to Mr. Vale, and she said that Mr. Vale had used an
instrument with teeth in it, which opened with a spring at the end; that
the instrument had been used upon her person; that Mr. Vale was to have
half-a-guinea for his services, that she had been twice to Mr. Yale’s
house, and that her husband had been the instigation of her going.

Dr. Corner deposed that he called on Sunday morning last to see the
deceased, whom he found suffering great pain over the bowels, &c. She
died on the following morning. He had since made a post mortem
examination of the body. The membranes of the brain were rather
congested. The lungs, chest, and other organs healthy, excepting that
the heart was thin. There were three distinct marks on the mouth of the
womb, which might have been the result of puncture by the instrument
referred to, but the exciting cause of inflammation was most likely from
such punctures in the absence of any other known cause.

In reply to a juror, Dr. Corner said that inflammation and death might
have resulted from cold, anxiety, or over-exertion.

The coroner then called Mr. Vale, the surgeon, into the room, when he
cautioned him in the usual form. —Mr. Vale made a long, rambling
statement, and denied the allegations made against him. He said that he
had never used any instruments upon the deceased.

The coroner, in a very clear and succinct manner, summed up the whole of
the facts after recapitulating the voluminous testimony, when the
jury unami-mously agreed to a verdict of. "Wilful murder" against Benjamin
Vale and William Garrett, for killing and slaying Eliza Garrett. —The
coroner then made out his warrant for the committal of the accused, who
were placed in a cab and conveyed to the gaol of Newgate by Mr. John
Smith, the summoning-officer of Bethnal-green, to await their trial at
the ensuing sessions of the Central Criminal court, Old Bailey. The
prisoners, when they left the inquest-room for the cab, were greeted
with loud hooting and yelling from the assembled multitude.
