THE MURDER AT ROYDON HALL,

APPREHENSION OF THE SUSPECTED PARTIES.

On Monday afternoon, eight men, suspected of being the parties concerned
in the murder of James Gray, keeper on the estate of W. Cook, Esq., of
Roydon hall, East Peckham, were taken before the magistrates at Town
Malling. The men gave the names of Robert Waller (Wateringbury), John
Elliot (of Brighton, a pensioner), and John Honey, Thomas Fowler,
William Hammond, Robert Sampson, George Honey, and Thomas Honey, of
Merewith and Nettlested respectively, and they were apprehended on the
charge of night poaching on lands belonging to Mr. William Cook, of
Roydon hall, and with the wilful murder of James Gray, head-keeper of
that gentleman.

Captain Ruxton, chief constable of the Kent county constabulary, offered
no evidence against the first named two prisoners, who had been
apprehended simply because they had broken heads. Elliott had stated to
the constables that he was at the affray. and that he did not care what
they did to him They were consequently discharged.

Captain Ruxton, on applying for the remand of the other prisoners, said
he had a strong chain of circumstantial evidence which he did not think
it right to go into upon that occasion. He should merely tender such
evidence as might be deemed necessary. for the granting of a remand.

The under-keeper, George Sexton, (who was close to the head keeper
during the affray), swore that to the best of his belief John Honey was
the person who shot the keeper; that Sampson knocked him (Sexton) down,
and that George Honey, Thomas Honey, and Thomas Fowler were present and
taking part in the affray. The evidence against Hammond was that some
six months since he uttered threats against deceased, and that upon his
house being searched a jacket with spots of blood upon it, an old gun, a
barrel of a gun, some powder, and a shot bag, together with a portion of
a newspaper, containing part of a report of the death and last moments
of the late prince consort; a singular coincidence being that the
wadding of a gun was found near the spot where Gray fell, which also was
a place of a newspaper containing part of a similar report.

They were all remanded for a week. Hammond was admitted to bail on his
own recognizances. In the other cases bail was refused.
