ACTION FOR SEDUCTION.

A remarkable action, which had been once previously tried without the
jury agreeing to a verdict, came before the Court of Common Pleas on
Tuesday and Wednesday. It was an action for the seduction of the
plaintiff's daughter Alice. The plaintiff (Mr. Reeve) was a butcher, and
the defendant (Mr. Perren) a corndealer, living at Greenwich. They had
been neighbours and intimate friends for about 25 years. The defendant
had very frequently lent the plaintiff money, which had been repaid, and
at the time when the accusation of having seduced his daughter was made
by the plaintiff he was a creditor of the defendant's to the amount of
38l. He was a man over 50 years of age, and lived with his wife and
family, and was in the habit of almost daily going over to the
plaintiff's house. The plaintiff was a widower with four children living
at home—two boys under 12 years of age and two daughters, Alice and an
elder sister, Jessie, 24. About May or June, 1871, suspicions arose as
to Alice's condition, but they were not seriously entertained until
October. At that time, it was ascertained that she was in the
family-way, and she said the defendant had seduced her in April, last.
On the 9th of October the went over to the plaintiff's, when he was
charged with being the seducer of Alice by the plaintiff in the presence
of his two daughters. The defendant at once denied it, and said he was
not the father of the child, and afterwards went home and told his wife
what had been charged against him. She went over to the plaintiff's, and
said, "it was not her husband, but that it was Parham who was the father
of the child." Parham was a young man who had been in the service of the
plaintiff. Another young man named Brown, who had also been in the
plaintiff's service, was called as a witness by the defendant to show
that Alice had been too familiar with Parham and him. After this
accusation defendant caused his solicitor to write letters to the
plaintiff and his daughter Jessie complaining that the accusation was
slanderous, and threatening proceedings if the slander were repeated. An
action was also brought by the defendant to recover the 38l., and the
judgment had been obtained since the first trial, but before judgment
the plaintiff's goods were sold off under a bill of sale. About, a week
after the first trial Alice was confined and the child was born dead. As
upon the former trial, witnesses were called on both sides. The daughter
Alice, who was said to be of weak intellect, swore positively that the
defendant and no one else bad seduced her, and the defendant as
positively contradicted her. Witnesses were called for the plaintiff to
prove that the defendant had been unusually familiar towards Alice, and
witnesses for the defendant to prove that Alice was unusually familiar
with Parham, and frequently with him in private. But on the present
trial no fresh witnesses were called, and Parham, who was called on the
first trial by the plaintiff, was not called by either side on this.
occasion. The case again occupied nearly the whole of two days. –After a
very careful and elaborate summing up by the learned Judge, the jury
retired, but after being locked up for four hours were discharged
without giving a verdict.
