THE BURGLARY AT WINDSOR.

At Windsor, on Thursday, William Jones and George Wood were charged with
committing a robbery at Mr. Beach's house. Jones was also charged with
shooting Police-constable Hogan, with intent to kill him. Some delay
arose in the proceedings; it being found that the shooting took place
out of the borough. A county magistrate was sent for, and sat with the
Mayor and borough magistrates. Police-constable Hogan (who appeared in
court with his head bandaged) gave evidence, and the prisoners were then
committed for the robbery, Jones was remanded on the charge of shooting
until yesterday, when he was again brought up and committed for trial.

____________________________

A VILLAIN ESCAPING PUNISHMENT.

At Bow-street police-court, on Thursday, Henry Crofts, confectioner,
living in Hyde-road, Hoxton, was charged with assaulting Thomas
Leybourne. –The complainant, who is a wine merchant, of Old-street,
deposed that he heard on Wednesday that his sister, who is barely 16
years of age, had left her home with the defendant. Witness accordingly
made inquiries, and ascertained that they were living at a house of
ill-fame in Dalston. He met the defendant on the stairs, and a struggle
ensued, during which the girl managed to escape. Witness applied to the
police for assistance to search the place, but was informed that it
could not be done. The witness lost all trace of his sister and the
defendant and returned home. Sometime afterwards he was visited by a
policeman, and ascertained that his sister and the defendant had been
driven to 12, Upper Woburn-place. He went there on Wednesday morning at
eight o'clock with his brother. They went to a room and knocked at the
door, and the defendant came out. Witness and his brother begged their
sister to accompany them home, but the defendant exclaimed, "Alice,
don't go." "The girl refused to go, and witness and his brother were
compelled to carry her out bodily. While they were trying to get the
girl into a cab which was waiting for them defendant seized witness by
the whiskers and struck him a blow in the face. Defendant was then given
into custody. —Wm. Leybourne was called, and gave corroborative
evidence. In reply to Mr. Vaughan, the brothers said they were not quite
certain of the age of their sister, but they believed her to be under
16. They knew the defendant well, because their father had lent him
money, and set him up in business. The prisoner said the witness
assaulted him first. Mr. Vaughan said that he had never heard of such a
case of base ingratitude. The defendant, a married man, had received
assistance from a father, and in return had debauched his daughter. The
girl's age being uncertain he could only deal with the assault. He fined
the defendant 5l., with the alternative of one month's imprisonment.
