FALSE WEIGHTS AND MEASURES.

On Saturday, a special petty sessions was held at the sessions-house,
Clerkenwell-green, when the following nineteen tradespeople were
summoned for being in possession of false weights, balances, machines,
and measures:

Robert Robinson, cook shopkeeper, 146, Upper White cross-street, St.
Luke's, unjust beam and scales, one ounce against the purchaser,
1l-Elizabeth Biggs, batter 166, Upper Whitecross-street, unjust weighing
machine. In weighing 8 pounds of bread only 71/2 pounds were given,
1l-Thomas Hack, butcher, 205, Upper Whitecross-street, an unjust
weighing machine half an ounce against the purchaser; second offence,
2l-Thomas Seal, coal dealer, 125, Goswell-street, Clerkenwell, coal
weighing machine 1/2 of a pound against the purchaser: third offence, 2l
10s, or one month—Henry Williamson, coal dealer, 2, Upper
Bemertin-street, Islington, coal weighing machine 1/2 pound short, 1l,
or fourteen days—John Redford, tobacconist, 56, Exmouth-street,
Clerkenwell, illegal weight, paper and tinfoil being weighed up with the
tobacco, 1l—Wm. Kyle, tobacconist, Rosoman street, Clerkenwell, six
light weights, 1l—John Elberry, stall keeper, 4, Taylor's court, St.
John-street-road, three light weights, 1l—Fanny Sinnock, tobacconist,
Rosoman-street, Clerkenwell, three light weights, fined 1l—Susannah
Bowyer, beer seller, John's-row, St. Luke's, four unjust measures,
1l-William Sullivan, chandler, 39, Brick-lane, unjust beam and scales,
2l—Charles Morgan, fruiterer and greengrocer, Cross-street, Hatton
garden, and Ely-rents, seventeen false weights, 5l-Thomas Layborn,
victualler, Little Warner street, two false measures. There was a second
summons, charging him with having in his possession six illegal
measures. The manager appeared for the defendant, who said the measures
only hang about the bar as an ornament. The summonses were for separate
houses, 2l 10s—Joseph Pritchard, beer seller, 4, Little Warner-street,
two false measures, 5s—Mary Redden, coal dealer, Hatton-wall, unjust
weighing machine, 10s—Pietro Bordessa, an Italians victualler,
Charles-street, Saffron-hill, four false measures, 1l-George Blick,
baker, 11, Bowling-green-lane, obstructing Mr. David Faulkner, the
inspector, and his assistant. He prevented them from looking to the
weights and scales, and in attempting to strike the assistant the blow
fell upon the inspector. There were, however, two ounces less weight
upon his scales than ought to have been. Defendant pleaded not guilty,
and attempted to explain his conduct, and said he did not know the
inspector; fined 2l -Wm. F. Marshall, victualler, Hatton-guarden, eight
false measures, 2l.

The following persons were presented to the Paddington vestry on
Tuesday, for having in use at the time of the jurors' visits to their
respective places of business, false scales, weights, and measures, and
were fined as under: —

Edward Mansfield Marks, licensed victualler, Black Lion, Uxbridge-road,
one quart measures deficient of the legal quantity, fined 2s 6d-Goodman,
butcher, 4, Leinster-street, scale 1/2oz. against the purchaser (second
offence), 5s-Mary Ann Gurney, general dealer, Gloucester-mews East,
scale 1oz. against the purchaser, one 1/2lb weight 11/2dr. short, 1lb.
weight 2dr. deficient; and the other weights in bad order, 5s.
