MURDEROUS ASSAULT ON A DETECTIVE.

At the Woolwich police-court, on Monday, W. Smith, 20; Peter Duffy, 25;
Arthur Bishop, 25, privates in the B battery of the Depôt brigade, Royal
Artillery; Robert Winter, 20; and Edward Castello, 20, privates in the A
battery, Depôt brigade, Royal Artillery, were charged with violently
assaulting John King, a detective of the Metropolitan Police force, who
was so seriously injured that he was unable to attend. –The first
witness was Inspector Butt, who said: –At half-past 11 on Saturday night
information was brought to me at Shooter's hill police-station that
Detective King had been murdered, and was lying dead in Shooter's
hill-road. I sent assistance and a stretcher, and followed as soon as I
could get away. On my way to the spot I met the constables carrying King
on the stretcher, he being at the time perfectly insensible and bleeding
from the forehead, I went with them to the Herbert hospital, where King
was admitted, and where he still remains. I reported the case to the
Commissioners of Police at Scotland-yard, and to-day received an order
from them to have every one who could be identified as implicated in the
case handed over from the military to the civil authorities, and, in
pursuance of the Commissioners' orders, the prisoners have been brought
from the garrison guardroom to this court. Margaret Rowley said: --I am
a married woman, living at 5, Ree's-buildings, Woolwich. About 11
o'clock on Saturday night I was in the Earl of Moira public-house,
Shooter's-hill-road, and saw three artillerymen, including Duffy and
Bishop, there. There was also a Scots Grey with them. Detective King,
who was off duty and in plain clothes, was partaking of some refreshment
by himself. The landlord told all the customers it was time to leave,
and we all went out. I did not see how the affair began in consequence
of the Scots Grey asking me for a pennyworth of nuts, which I went back
into the house to serve by the light. When I got out again I saw an
artilleryman, who is not here with the other prisoners, strike the
detective, and knock him down. He struck him with a stick, and King's
head came in contact with the stone step. One of the soldiers said to
King, "You are a – policeman. I will knock your brains out." King called
for assistance, and one of the soldiers knelt on him, whilst the others
kicked him frightfully about the body. I entreated them not to murder
him, and the soldier who is not here caught hold of me and threw me into
the ditch. On recovering I went to the police-station and gave
information. The prisoner Bishop said he was only passing up the road
when the affray was taking place. The five prisoners were remanded.
