CENTRAL CRIMINAL COURT, YESTERDAY.

KILLING A BOY WITH A BRICKBAT. –William Weston surrendered to take his
trial for the manslaughter of George Clayton Roe. The deceased was a lad
12 years old, and it appeared that on the 25th of October he and some
other boys were playing in Salamanca-row, Lambeth, when the prisoner,
accompanied by a woman, went into a dust-yard close by. The deceased and
some of the other boys followed them, and the prisoner being annoyed at
their conduct, took up a brickbat and threw it at the deceased, and hit
him on the back of the head, thereby inflicting wounds which resulted in
tetanus, of lock-jaw, and death ensued. —The jury found the prisoner
Guilty" Sentence was postponed.

KILLED IN THE STREET. —William Farmen surrendered to take his trial for
the manslaughter of John Baker. –The transaction in question occurred on
the night of the 8th of November, about 12 o'clock. —The prisoner was
driving a pony in a cart on which there was another man and a woman, and
it was alleged that the prisoner was driving at a very fast pace. The
deceased, who was a working man, was standing in the road, and he was
knocked down, and received an injury in the temple, which caused his
death. —The defence was that the unfortunate affair was the result of
accident. –The jury returned a verdict of "Not guilty."

RECEIVING STOLEN GOODS. —Thomas Bretton, 49, and Susan Bretton, his
wife, were indicted for receiving a large quantity of property, knowing
it to have been stolen. –The male prisoner was a cabman, having stables
in Montague-mews, Russell-square, and the police from information they
received searching his place, a great quantity of property, the produce
of various robberies, was discovered. –The jury "Acquitted" the woman,
and found the man "Guilty." He was sentenced to five years' penal
servitude.

ALLEGED OUTRAGE. –Five young men named George Allen, aged 17, William
Knight, aged 17, William Jenkins, aged 20, John Goldsmith, aged 17. and
Charles Allen, aged 19, were put upon their trial for a felonious
assault upon Sarah Warwick, 18 years of age. –The prosecutrix, Sarah
Warwick, a modest, respectable-looking girl, said her parents resided at
Holloway, and she was engaged as a servant with a Mr. Rowley, who kept a
grocer's shop at Kentish-town. She left that service on the 16th of
October, and went to her mother's house, and on Sunday, the 19th of
October, she went out for a walk in the afternoon and met the prisoner
Knight, whom she had known a short time before, and he asked her to take
a short walk with him, and she consented. They walked together for some
time, and she said she must go home, and the prisoner told her he would
pay her ordinary fare. They were at this time in the Anson-road,
Tufnell-park–a lonely place–and when they cane near some unfinished
houses Knight shoved her into one of them, and all the other prisoners
came in. The witness then described what occurred, and said that she was
forced down, and every one of the prisoners insulted her. She tried to
call out, and one of the prisoners told her that if she made a noise he
would beat her with a brickbat. The prisoners all then went away,
leaving her in a most exhausted condition. She positively swore to the
identity of the whole of the prisoners as being the persons who insulted
her. –The prisoners acknowledged that what they had done was with the
consent of the prosecutrix. —A witness stated that the only means of
access to the house was across a plank. —The jury, after 20 minutes'
deliberation, found the prisoners “Not guilty.”

THE CHARGE AGAINST MR. FROGGATT. —Upon the application of Mr. Warner
Sleigh, who is instructed for the defence of the trial of Mr. Edward
Froggatt, the solicitor, who was convicted of being concerned in the De
Goncourt turf frauds, and who is charged as a fraudulent trustee with
misappropriating a large sum of money, the case was postponed to the
next session on the ground that prisoner had not had time to prepare his
defence.
