SHOCKING ASSAULT ON A WOMAN

John Hill, 31, a rough-looking man, described as a ship's stoker, was
indicted at the London sessions (Clerkenwell) on Wednesday for having
stolen three aprons, the property of Eliza Tilley, a married woman, and
further with committing a series of aggravated assaults upon her. —Mr.
Besley prosecuted. —It appeared that on the night of the 10th of March
last the prosecutrix left the house of Captain Duckham, in the East
India Dock-road, to go to her home at Bromley. She lost the train, and
started to walk home, carrying the aprons in a bundle and an umbrella.
The night was very dark, snow was falling heavily, and the road was
inches deep in slush. In a part of the road which was unfrequented, the
prisoner seized her, threw her down in the roadway, saying that he was
“Jack the Ripper," and that he would let the wind into her throat with
his knife. He also attempted to get the rings off her fingers, and
otherwise grossly assaulted her. A lad coming up the prisoner desisted,
when prosecutrix managed to get away, and found a policeman, KR 61. The
officer went in the direction taken by the prisoner, and found him
concealed up a court carrying the aprons under his left arm. His clothes
were muddy and in disorder, and he had lost his cap. A cap such as that
used by firemen was found near the scene of the assault. Mrs. Tilley,
who was in a deplorable condition from fright, injuries, and cold, all
her clothes being soaked through with mud and water, was taken home, and
Dr. O'Brien certified that she was unable to leave her bed for several
days. It transpired that the prisoner had only landed that day from one
of the Cape steamers, on board of which he was employed. He told a long
and rambling story in his defence, and totally denied the commission of
the crime. —The jury found him "Guilty," and commended the promptitude
shown by K R 61 in arresting him. —The learned chairman said that, after
having seen the demeanour of the prisoner in the dock, he should
postpone sentence, in order that the medical officer of the gaol might
have an opportunity of inquiring into the state of his mind.
