ALLEGED MURDER OF AN INFANT IN A BROTHEL.

Yesterday (Saturday), at the Bow-street Police-court, a man of
middle-age, having the appearance of a foreigner, and who refused to
give his name, was brought before Mr. Jardine, charged with being
concerned in the death of a male child, two days old. The depositions of
the witnesses were to the following effect: —Ann Cleveland, who rents a
house, No. 9, Upper Wellington-street, Strand (a brothel), was confined
with a male child on Wednesday last; Dr. Booking, of Bow-street,
attending her accouchement, for which, he stated, she appeared much
unprovided. The child continued in health up to twelve o'clock on
Friday, at which time Dr. Booking saw it at the house of a woman named
Barber, to whom it had been consigned to nurse. On Friday evening, at
six o'clock, the same medical gentleman was sent for, to Cleveland's
house, and on his arrival, he found that the child had expired about
fifteen minutes. On examining the body, the legs were found drawn
upwards, the hands clenched, and nails discoloured. A post mortem
examination was made in the presence of Mr. Charles Guthrie, when great
congestion, at tended with extravasation of blood, was apparent on the
lungs and brain, the stomach empty, the viscera having a healthy
appearance, while the face was livid and the skin discoloured. From
these circumstances, both medical men decided on the child having died
from suffocation. —Sarah Barber deposed to having taken the infant under
her charge to dry nurse, on the night of Wednesday last, at which time
Instructions were given her to bring it the following morning; on doing
so, she was desired by Mrs. Cleveland to leave the child with her in bed
and quit the room; a person wishing to see it who would not do so in her
(Barber's) presence. On returning to the room in an hour and a-half, the
child was exceedingly ill, breathing hard, with a discharge from the
nostrils; witness took the infant home and administered some castor oil.
The next morning two imperative messages were sent for the child to be
again taken to the mother. At this time, it had recovered, and was
asleep. In compliance with the order, Barber took the infant and
delivered it to the mother in bed, when she was desired not to fetch it
for two hours; on returning at that time she was informed by the servant
that orders had been given by Mrs. Cleveland not to permit any one to
enter the room. At six o'clock, the bed-room bell was rung, and witness,
on taking the child from the bed, found life extinct. —Ann Swann,
servant at the house No. 9, stated that the accused had been cohabiting
with her mistress, who spoke of him as "the gentleman." Great care was
taken to prevent his being seen; he was in the house on the morning of
Wednesday last, and likewise at 10 o'clock on Friday morning in her
mistress's bed-room. This witness corroborated Barber's statement in
every particular, and added that her mistress had, previous to her
confinement, declared the child would not be born alive. Mary Davis, a
lodger in the house, swore that Ann Cleveland had on different occasions
stated that the child would have £100 a-year settled on it, which, in
the event of its death, must revert to herself. Charles Smith, in the
employ of Mr. Aarons, Strand, was in the house No. 9, on the afternoon
of Friday, at a quarter to five o'clock, and saw the accused pass
cautiously along the passage, and quit the house. There being other
evidence of a confirmatory character forthcoming, the prisoner was
remanded until Tuesday.

_____________________________

THE MURDERS AT MIREFIELD.

APPREHENSION OF ANOTHER OF THE SUPPOSED MURDERERS. —The murders of Mr.
Wraith, his wife, and servant girl, at the village of Mirefield, which
are almost unequalled in England's calendar of crime for atrocity and
cruelty, have produced the most thrilling sensation, throughout the
county. The unfortunate creatures sacrificed were (excepting the servant
girl) between seventy and eighty years of age. They were much respected,
being quiet, inoffensive people. The house which they inhabited, and
where the horrid crime was perpetrated, stands in a somewhat secluded
spot, about 150 yards from the public road, and no other building near
for some 200 yards. Mr. Wraith is known to have possessed a considerable
sum of money in the house, which cannot now be found, leaving no doubt
that plunder was the object of the murderers, for it is pretty evident
that more than one was engaged in the bloody affair. The horrible
appearance of the sufferers can never be effaced from the memory of
those who saw them. The skull of each was beaten to pieces, the jaws
driven in, throats cut, the arms of the two females fractured, and the
fingers broken to pieces, as if the arms. and hands had in vain been
raised to protect the head from the fearful blows of the inhuman
wretches. The sight was most horrifying. In places where the bodies lay
were pools of blood, in which the teeth and brains of the deceased were
lying. Amongst the first to enter the house after the discovery of the
murder was Mr. Kennel, the landlord of the King's Head, at Mirefield,
who states that the drawers and boxes in the house were open, and had
been ransacked, and the blinds had been drawn down and pinned together,
to prevent persons looking in. On Friday, Mr. Superintendent Green
apprehended an Irishman named Patrick Reid, who was seen, in company
with M'Cab (already in custody), near the house at the time the murder
must have been going on. Marks of blood were found on his clothes, and
the police are in possession of circumstances which will in a great
measure be the means of unravelling the mystery that at present exists.
It is not true, as reported, that the mother of Ellis died suddenly in
consequence of the news that her daughter was murdered having been
communicated to her. She, however, is very ill, her illness arising from
the shock to her nervous system by the awful death which has befallen
her child.
