TRIAL FOR MURDER IN SCOTLAND.

The trial of William Reid for murder by procuring abortion was opened at
the High Court of Justicary, Edinburgh, on Wednesday. The case excited
unusual interest owing to various circumstances. The prisoner, who
resided with his mother at Smallbourn, three miles from Falkirk, and who
is most respectably connected, was tried in September, 1857, along with
another young man, at the Stirlingshire circuit, for breach of trust and
embezzlement, in so far as he aided and abetted the frauds of the late
Henry Salmon, manager of the branch of the Commercial bank at Falkirk,
who, it may be remembered, on his extensive defalcations being
discovered, too to fight, and eventually was found to have committed
suicide in the court-yard of a Welsh inn. The two young men were not
suspected of participation in the money appropriated by Salmon, but were
nevertheless convicted of the offence charged, and were each sentenced
to two years’ imprisonment. The representations made ot the home
secretary, however, succeeded in procuring the liberation of both at or
before the expiry of six months. Reid accordingly returned to his
mother’s house in April last, and resided there until the occurrence of
the event which a second time brought him to the criminal bar. His
mother’s servant, Margaret Taylor, had become pregnant by him, and been
so three or four months, and he, in conjunction with the deceased, Dr.
Thomas Girdwood, used instruments it is said to cause her to abort. This
criminal act proved fatal to the young woman the next day; the night of
her death the doctor who gave his aid committed suicide by taking
laudanum, while Reid himself fled, but was apprehended in Glas-gow the
following day.

Evidence was gone into at great length, but it was of such a nature as
to require in a public journal nothing more than a brief allusion to its
principal lectures.

The mother of the deceased described the appearances of the painful
illness which preceded death, which at first she concluded cross from a
disturbance of natural causes. She afterwards learned from the dying
girl that she was suffering under a miscarriage, that the prisoner was
the father of the child, and that on the previous day he had inflicted
upon her serious injuries through the use of an instrument.

The mother of the prisoner proved much to a similar effect, and that on
speaking to her son on the subject, he said it was not he that did it
(the operation) but Tom Girdwood; that Dr. Myrtle knew all about it, and
that the case was not so bad against him as she expected.

Dr. J. Girdwood, the father of Thomas Girdwood, deposed to speaking to
his son about the catastrophe, and that the deceased had made a charge
against him. He advised him to get out of the way as soon as possible,
and he seemed stupefied by the statement made to him. Witness also saw
the prisoner, who said to him, “I used no instrument; if any instrument
were introduced it must have been introduced by your son Tom.” Witness
said he did not believe that, but that did not alter the case so far as
he, Reid, was concerned, and that for his part it was necessary for him
to secure his safety by flight.

Evidence was then given as to the suicide of young Dr. Girdwood
immediately after the decease of the girl.

The medical evidence was to the effect that death was the result of the
injury effected by the operation, but whether by a professional person
or not, could not be spoken to.

The inquiry was then adjourned till next day.

____________________

VERDICT AND SENTENCE.

On Thursday, after fifteen witnesses had been examined for the defence,
the lord advocated addressed the jury for the prosecution, and the dean
of faculty for the prisoner. The lord justice clerk summed up strongly
against the prisoner. The jury retired at thirty-five minutes past five,
and were absent about one hour, when they returned a verdict of “Not
guilty on the first charge of murder; and guilty on the second and
third, amounting to culpable homicide.” The prisoner was sentenced to
ten years’ penal servitude.

The prisoner maintained a stoical indifference throughout except when
his mother was giving her evidence, when his feelings were apparently
much wrought upon.
