THE SHOCKING MURDER IN SUFFOLK.

RE-EXAMINATION OF THE PRISONER.

On Tuesday the young man Frederick Ernest Page was again brought up at
the Shire hall, Ipswich, charged with the murder of Fanny Pleasant
Clarke, aged 24, a domestic servant at Brantham, near Ipswich. Prisoner,
before his arrest, was a clerk in the employ of Messrs. Lay and Wheeler,
wine merchants, Colchester. He maintained a sullen demeanour.

The evidence was in the main a repetition of that given at the coroner's
inquest. Testimony as to the purchase of the revolver produced at the
inquest by prisoner's brother Robert was forthcoming from George Dove, a
lad employed at Mr. Boreham the gun maker's shop at Colchester. He said
he knew prisoner very well by sight, but could not swear whether he was
the person to whom witness sold on Tuesday, the 10th of August—the day
after prisoner had written to deceased asking her to meet him on Sunday
evening, August 15—a revolver, case, and box of cartridges. The revolver
produced was exactly like that he sold. The cartridges produced were of
the same kind as he sold with the revolver. The person who bought them
was, he should think, 18 or 19 years old. —George Isom, porter in the
employ of Messrs. Lay and Wheeler, wine and spirit merchants,
Colchester, prisoner late employers, said prisoner showed him a six
chambered revolver and case on Saturday morning, August 14, the last day
he was at work. In reply to a question from witness as to what he wanted
the revolver for, prisoner said he was in the habit of leaving
Manningtree station for his home every Saturday night, and had a goodish
bit to walk on a lonely country road, and if any one stopped him the
sight of the revolver would frighten him. Witness could not swear to
either revolver or case, but they looked just the same as those
prisoners showed him. –The inquiry was adjourned.

On Wednesday prisoner was again brought up when letters were produced by
Superintendent Francis Fisher and Police Inspector William Clarke, of
the Suffolk constabulary, which were proved by Mr. George Wheeler, of
Colchester, to be in the prisoner's handwriting, requesting a meeting
with the deceased. George Dove, a lad in the employ of Mr. Boreham, of
Colchester, proved the sale of a revolver on the 10th inst., and George
Isom, a porter in the same employ as the prisoner, stated that the
prisoner showed him a pistol on the day before the murder. Mr. William
Hammond, farmer, of Brantham, spoke to hearing a quarrel between two
persons near his house on the 8th inst., and to seeing the deceased go
by shortly afterwards in the direction of her master's house. This was
about nine o'clock in the evening. The prisoner's father said that on
the night of the 15th inst. the prisoner came home about nine o'clock
rather excited, and, shortly afterwards, followed his brother Robert up
to bed. From a communication made by Robert, witness went outside,
followed by Mrs. Page, and prisoner was then in the front of the house.
After much pressure, prisoner made a statement. Mr. Philbrick objected
to the admission of the statement, but, after a lengthened argument, the
magistrates decided to admit it. Mr. Page, however, when asked what his
son said, was so overcome that he was unable to reply, and Mr.
Philbrick, stating that the matter must be investigated before a
superior tribunal, asked that the question should not be pressed. Mr.
Mills said that, under the circumstances, he had been instructed not to
press for the statement. Witness then said that, in consequence of what
his son said, he went out on the night of the murder and found blood on
the cross road. When he returned, he and his son had some conversation.
Mr. Philbrick also objected to this being repeated, and Mr. Mills, after
consulting with Major Heigham, declined to press the question. The
revolver was produced by the prisoner's brother Robert, who was the next
witness, who deposed that when the prisoner gave him the weapon he also
made a statement. The witness was not pressed to repeat it. Medical
evidence was then called, showing that two bullets had entered the brain
of the deceased and caused death. The prisoner was then committed for
trial.
