EXTRAORDINARY CASE.

The case of "Fiske v. Suttbery” was tried at Guildford assizes on
Thursday. It was an action to recover the sum of 122l. odd for the board
and lodging of a lunatic gentleman, to which the defendant pleaded that
the amount claimed had been paid by him to the plaintiff, and that she
had no claim upon him. —The plaintiff was the widow of a medical man and
it appeared that in June, 1878, being in rather impoverished
circumstances, she, by the advice of her friends, took a house in
Richmond for the reception of lodgers. The defendant was a gentleman
possessed of considerable property, who was addicted to drinking to
excess, and in the year 1878 he found to be a lunatic, and was placed
under the charge of the Court of Chancery, and a committee of his
relations was appointed to take care of him. In the course of the year
1879 the defendant, with the consent of the Court of Chancery, resided
in the house of the plaintiff as a patient, and four guineas a-week were
to be allowed as remuneration for performing this duty. The defendant
eventually recovered, and the case for the plaintiff was that he then
refused to pay the balance that was due to her, and in the result the
present action was brought to recover the amount. —At the close of the
plaintiff's case, Mr. Willis called the defendant, and said that he did
so in obedience to his instructions, and he would state that he had
really paid the plaintiff all that she was entitled to. —Mr. George
Suttbery, the defendant, was then lifted into the witness-box. He
presented a most pitiable spectacle, being unable to walk, and was only
able to crawl along on his knees. He said he had no recollection of
dates, and all he could say was that he had given the plaintiff all the
money he received from his friends to pay for his maintenance. —Mr.
Watkin Williams declined to address the jury in reply, and the learned
judge having briefly addressed the jury, they at once returned a verdict
for the plaintiff for the amount claimed.
