ALLEGED POISONING OF A CHILD BY ITS MOTHER.

On Monday, the inquest on Mary Theresa Dore, aged four months, lately
residing with her mother at No. 4, Lower Grosvenor-place, was brought to
a close before Mr. Bedford, at the Malpus Arms, Charles-street,
Grosvenor-square. The evidence previously heard appeared in our journal
of last Sunday, and which proved that the child had died from arsenic.
The following is the substance of the additional evidence given on
Monday: —M. Bloxam, surgeon, of Ryde, Isle of Wight, said that on
Thursday, the 13th ult., he was called to attend the deceased by the
mother, who had just arrived in that town with a female friend. He found
it suffering from violent sickness and vomiting, but he had no reason to
believe that it had taken poison, and he sent some medicine consisting
of powders and mixture. The next morning, he was called again, when the
mother told him that the deceased had still been very sick, but that the
last dose had remained on its stomach. He observed that a quantity of
bile was mixed with what the deceased brought from its stomach, and
judged it was labouring under intussusception of the bowels. The mother
then took the child back to London-Mr. H. Waterworth, assistant to the
last witness, said that he made up the medicine prescribed. There was no
arsenic kept in the surgery. —E. S. Spry, sister of the mother of
deceased, said she resided with the rest of the family, at Nos. 4 and 5,
Lower Grosvenor-place. The deceased had the thrush from a fortnight
after its birth. The first change of importance she observed was on
Wednesday night, when it appeared to have the stomach-ache, and the next
morning Mr. Woolmer, the family medical attend ant, was sent for, but he
was absent, and Mr. Driver, one of his assistants, arrived. The deceased
was not then vomiting. The surgeon was asked if a journey to the Isle of
Wight would do the child harm, and he replied that it would not. Some
medicine was sent, and at half-past eight o'clock the mother and child.
started for the Isle of Wight. The next day they both returned, and on
the day after, Saturday, the 15th, the child died. The child was fed
sometimes on rusks. The mother and grandmother attended to it, but if
anything improper had been given, witness must have seen it. They were
both exceedingly fond of the child. —Mr. Rogers, analytical chemist,
said he led analyzed the medicine prescribed by Mr. Woolmer's assistant,
and found nothing of a deleterious nature. He added to his evidence,
given on a former day, that the child must, from the appearance of the
stomach, have taken arsenic at least two days before death. —Mrs.
Merton, of 28, Grosvenor-street West, Eaton square, said she had had
lodgings in the house along with the deceased and the family, and it was
she who took the mother and child to the Isle of Wight, in return for
former kindnesses she had received. The trip had been arranged for a
fortnight. Witness rode in a first-class carriage, and the mother, to
save expense, in a second class. Crossing over from Gosport to Ryde the
child seemed in a great desi of pain and screamed dreadfully. The mother
and grandmother always showed the utmost affection for the child. Mrs.
Spry, the grandmother, here said she kept no arsenic in the house: and
Mrs. Dore, the mother, that she had never seen arsenic in her life. —Mr.
S. Woolmer, assistant to his uncle, Mr. Woolmer, of Lower Victoria-row,
described the composition of the medicine he had made up. The arsenic
was kept in a stoppered bottle, tied over with leather, on a high
shelf-The coroner then summed up the evidence, and the jury, after a
deliberation of two hours, returned the following verdict: — "That the
deceased, Mary Anne Theresa Dore, came by her death by the
administration of arsenic with the guilty knowledge of the persons in
whose custody she was—viz., Mary Spry and Mary Ann Dore, and we find the
said Mary Spry and Mary Ann Dore guilty of wilful murder." —Mrs. Spry,
on hearing the verdict announced, exclaimed, "I hope the Lord will
forgive you all, gentlemen." —Mrs. Dore, the mother, burst into tears.
—They were both committed to Newgate.
