SCOTLAND.

CONVICTION FOR MURDER. –At the high court of justiciary, Edinburgh, on
Monday, George Collison, an innkeeper at Dalkeith, was charged with the
murder of Agnes Paterson or Collison, his wife. The prisoner pleaded not
guilty. Mary Blyth, servant girl, gave distinct evidence as to the
violent blows which had been inflicted by prisoner with a poker on the
head, body, and legs of the deceased, on the 8th of May, and stated that
blood flowed profusely from the wounds. The witness, on seeing the
assault, cried to the prisoner to leave the breath of life in her, to
which he replied that “it was time she was away.” Witness assisted Mrs.
Collison into bed, when she complained much of her leg, and said to her
(witness) that the prisoner would be punished for what he had done. She
complained that her leg was broken. Both the prisoner and his wife
appeared to have been drinking. Witness saw her mistress early the next
day. At that time the prisoner was in bed, and her mis. tress lying on
the floor. Her clothes appeared never to have been off. She was lying at
a considerable distance from the bed. There was blood on the spot, which
seemed to have come from her leg. She was quite unable to rise. Witness
asked her why she was lying there, when deceased said, “Oh, Mary, after
you went up to your bed, he tore me out by the hair of the head.”
Prisoner was awake, and must have heard her, but he said nothing.
Witness and another servant girl lifted her up to a chair, and the
prisoner afterwards assisted them to get her into bed. Prisoner said to
her, “See what you have done to yourself now, by rising through the
night and drinking a bottle of whisky and six bottles of ale.” Witness
knew that this could not have been the case, for deceased, on the
previous evening, could give no help to herself, and was unable to leave
the bed. During the three months witness had been in prisoner’s service,
she had seen him use the poker several times to his wife. The lord
justice- general having summed up, the jury retired for twenty minutes,
and returned with a verdict of “Guilty,” with a strong recommendation to
mercy. The prisoner was sentenced to be executed on Monday, the 1st of
August.

DEATH THROUGH INTOXICATION. –On Saturday forenoon, a painful occurrence,
attended with fatal consequences, took place on board the ship
Conqueror, at present lying in the Victoria harbour, Greenock. A number
of men were engaged in discharging her cargo, which consisted of bags of
sugar; and, as usual in such cases, one of the labourers stood over the
hatch, steadying the rope by which the bags are lifted. The man
stationed at this post on Saturday was named Charles Gorman, who, being
somewhat intoxicated, lost his balance while pulling two bags on to the
planks, and was precipitated to the bottom of the hold, his head coming
in contact with the keelson. He was killed on the spot. He has left a
wife and family to lament their loss. –Greenock Advertiser.
