LATEST SUMMARY.

Yesterday forenoon, the body of a male person, un known, apparently
about twenty years of age, was discovered by a Thames police inspector
floating in the river off Ratcliff. The deceased was taken ashore to the
dead house for identification. The body had been in the water nearly a
fortnight, and was dressed as mariner. The body awaits an inquest before
Mr. Humphreys. —Yesterday, an inquest was taken by Mr. Raffles, at the
London hospital, on the body of Phoebe Grinley, aged twenty-two years,
who lately resided with her friends at No. 8, Somerset street,
High-street, Whitechapel, who died from the effects of injuries received
by fire. It was elicited that the deceased wore a crinoline petticoat
which extended her dress, which must have ignited by the kitchen fire.
The jury returned a verdict of "Accidental death."—Yesterday morning,
the parochial authorities of the Whitechapel union offered a reward of
2l. for the apprehension of the unnatural parents of a male child, which
had been found lying on the front steps of the workhouse, Charles
street, Mile end New town. The deceased was about nine months old, and
was only partially dressed. The deceased was seen by the medical
officer, and with nourishment the poor little child has recovered and is
going on favorably—Yesterday, a child named Alice Humphreys, aged five
years, who lived with her parents in Charlwood street. Pimlico, was
playing in front of her house, and while leaning against the railings of
the area one of them gave way and the poor child was precipitated into
the area, a height of nearly ten feet. She was conveyed to the hospital,
when it was found that her thigh was fractured, besides severe injuries.
—Yesterday, Mr. Payne held an inquest at Guy's hospital on the body of
Mary Hill, aged sixty-five. The deceased lived in Pleasant place,
Kennington-lane, and had been for some weeks confined to her bed. Her
landlady, while assisting her to leave her bed, heard something snap
twice, when the deceased exclaimed, "There, my thigh is broken!" She was
afterwards taken to the hospital, where she expired. The house Burgeon
said the cause of the bone breaking so easily was from a cancer having
formed in it, and nearly destroyed it. The jury returned a verdict of
"Accidental death."—On Friday morning, the Rev. Mr. Ambrose, of Park
street, Regent's-park, purchased a parcel of theological books at a
stall in Holborn. Amongst them was a work entitled, "A Christs
Exhortation unto customable swearers," by Miles Coverdale, black letter,
printed by Nicholas Hill, without date, but supposed to be 1535. On
inspecting the volume, he discovered seven guiness, of the reign of
George L, sewed up in the cover. —In the Bank-ruptcy Court on Friday,
there was a dividend sitting under the separate estate of Messrs. Davies
and Troughton, bankers, of Shoreditch. It was said the dividend will be
20s. In the pound, with a considerable surplus applicable to the joint
estate. —Yesterday, Mr. Walthow held an inquest at the Green Man tavern,
City road, St. Luke’s, on the body of William Curtis, aged sixty years,
a shoemaker, who committed suicide by hanging himself, at No. 20, White Lion-yard,
Whitecross street. The deceased had been out of employment for the last
three months, and had latterly received parochial relief to the amount
of 1s and loaf weekly. He was in great distress and said that he could
not bear up against his troubles much longer. On Wednesday morning, the
deceased was discovered in his room, suspended to the rail of the
bedstead. He was cut down, and speedily seen by Dr. Timothy, of
Barbican; but the deceased had been dead some hours from strangulation,
which had produced dislocation of the upper cervical vertebrae of the
neck. The jury returned a verdict of “Temporary instantly, brought on by
extreme distress.”—On Friday evening, Mr. Walthow held an inquest at the
spotted Dog public-house, High street, Poplar, on the body of Mary Welch
aged thirty-five years, who was found dead in the Limehouse cut of the
river Lea, Poplar, on Thursday morning last, The evidence proved that
the deceased had left her husband to cohabit with another man, and a few
days since she had some words, with the latter individual, and it is
supposed that the deceased in a moment of great desperation precipitated
herself into the water unobserved. A few shillings were found in her
pocket, and the deceased on the night before her death had been seen in
a state of intoxication. The jury returned an open verdict, “Found dead
in the river Lea, but when, how, or by what means she became immersed
they had no evidence to prove.”

Printed and published at the Office, 12, Salisbury-square, Fleet-street,
in the parish of St. Bride in the City of London, by EDWARD LLYOD, of
12, Salisbury-square, in the aforesaid City of London—May 26th, 1861.
