EXTRAORDINARY TRIAL FOR MURDER.

At the Monmouth assizes, on Thursday, James Henry Gibbs, a native of
Richmond, was charged with the wilful murder of his wife, Mary Ann
Gibbs, at St. Melons, Cardiff, in May last. From the opening statement
of Mr. Brown, it appeared that the prisoner and the deceased (whose
maiden name was Ingram) were in service together in 1871, and when
prisoner removed to Llanrumney hall the acquaintance was renewed. On
30th January last they were married at St. Helier’s, Jersey. While at
Llanrumney, however, prisoner had formed an intimacy with Miss Mary
Jones, and while on his way to be married he wrote to her in most
endearing terms. Deceased returned with the prisoner, who took
apartments for her at Cardiff. He endeavoured to hide the fact of his
marriage from Miss Jones, while to his wife he denied any intimacy with
the latter. On the 12th May prisoner met his wife by appointment, and
this was the last time she was seen alive. On the 3rd June her body was
found in a ditch in an advanced stage of decomposition. Circumstances.
came to light which implicated prisoner as the murderer, and he was
apprehended. He said nothing in. answer to the charge, but his conduct
strongly indicated mental torture, and the fact of his washing stained
clothes in benzoline, and his conduct after his wife's death,
corroborated the suspicions already entertained. The case for the
prosecution was not closed when the Court rose.

On Friday an umbrella, which had been found in the prisoner's pantry,
was identified by a niece of the deceased as one that she had sold to
her. Medical evidence was also given from which it appeared that the
body at the time it was found had been saturated with blood, and that
the bones of the rock had been severed by decomposition. The doctor gave
it as his opinion that death had resulted from hemorrhage, produced by
the throat having been cut, saying that in no other way could he account
for the excessive flow of blood, though he admitted in cross-examination
that aneurism of a large artery would produce great bleeding. —A Mr.
Lougher was then called, and he proved that he had subjected the clothes
of the prisoner to a severe chemical analysis, and that by that means
and the aid of a microscope he had discovered stains on the coat, which
bore distinct traces of blood, and which had evidently been the subject
of much washing. There were a good many other stains, with regard to
which he could not speak so positively. This finished the case for the
prosecution. As its conclusion Mr. Brown, shortly summed up the facts,
and Mr. Sawyer then addressed the jury on behalf of the prisoner. —The
jury, after 20 minutes' deliberation, returned a verdict of "Guilty."
—His lordship then passed sentence of death in the usual form, adding
that he could hold out no hope of mercy, and the prisoner was then
removed, sobbing bitterly.
