ASSAULT ON A WOMAN. —Richard Taylor was indicted for unlawfully
assaulting and beating Sarah Malkin. —From the evidence it appeared that
sometime ago the prosecutrix was called as a witness in prosecution
against the prisoner, when he was sentenced to a month's imprisonment
for being found on premises for an improper purpose, and an angry
feeling seems to have been engendered in consequence. On Saturday night,
the 20th of October the defendant went to the prosecutrix's door a
knocked, and on it being opened to him, he immediately gave her a
violent blow in the face and ran away. From this blow she suffered
considerable pain. The prisoner was subsequently arrested, and charged
with the offence. —The jury found the prisoner Guilty." —The prosecutrix
stated that since this case had been pending she had been threatened by
the witnesses who had been called for the prisoner with violence if she
dared to give evidence against him. —Mr. Serjeant Cox sentenced the
prisoner to be kept to hard labour for nine months, and after that to
find two sureties in 10l. each, and the enter into his own recognisances
in the sum of 20l. to keep the peace for twelve months. —The witnessed
alluded to were then called forward, and one in particular was cautioned
as to his conduct, and the learned serjeant further advised the
prosectrix to take out a summons against him.

A FORTUNATE PRISONER. —Mary Gray, whose real name is said to be Mary Ann
Cole, surrendered in discharge of her bail, to answer an indictment
charging her with having stolen a case of needles value 1s., the
property of William Whiteley. —The evidence tended to show that the
accused went into one of the shops of Mr. Whiteley, at Westbourne grove,
on the afternoon of November 2, and made purchase; that an assistant saw
her take a packet of needles; and that she ultimately confessed that she
had done so, said it was the first time she had done anything of the
kind, and offered to pay for the article. —Mr. Williams addressed the
jury for the prisoner, and called three witnesses, who gave her a good
character. —The jury, to the surprise most of the persons in court.
returned a verdict of ”Not guilty."
