IMPORTANT TO EMIGRANTS.

On Wednesday, Mr. Henry Hitchings, of 49, King William street, City,
ship broker, appeared before the lord mayor, in answer to a summons
charging him with a breach of the 73rd section of the Passengers' act,
1855, which provides that "Any question which may arise respecting the
breach or nonperformance of any stipulations in any contract ticket may,
at the option of any passenger or cabin passenger interested, be dealt
with summarily; and if it is found that a breach of the contract has
been committed, the complainant may be awarded each damages or costs as
the magistrate may think fit, not exceeding in any case the amount of
the passage money specified in the contract ticket and 20l."

The plaintiff, William Woodfine, stated that on the 2nd of May he
engaged a passage for himself and wife to New York, and paid 8l. for a
second cabin passage, and 1l. 15s. for a railway pass to Liverpool.

Mr. Hitchings, who is the agent of the vessel, said she was a beautiful
ship, fitted up comfortably, and

that he and his wife should have a cabin to themselves. The vessel was
to sail on May 6, and he accordingly went to Liverpool, and, on going on
board, he found that there was no such a thing as a cabin in the ship.
Some deal planks were nailed together to form a partition, and fitted up
to hold eight persons.

The lord mayor asked him if there was no skylight? -The complainant said
there was not, the place was dark, and men and women, single and
married, were all exposed. He asked if that was all the cabins they bad,
and was told that was all, and, if he did not like it, he could go. He
accordingly left the vessel.

The defendant denied having promised the complainant a cabin to himself,
and said that the vessel belonged to Messrs. Baring Brothers, and was
fitted up as all passenger vessels are, and certified in the usual
manner. He said he had returned the complainant 3l. voluntarily.

The lord mayor asked the complainant for his contract ticket, and on
reading it he said that it stipulated that he should be provided with a
second cabin passage. —The complainant said it was not a cabin at all,
and he understood that he was to have a cabin to himself.

The lord mayor said there was no corroborative evidence, and it was
impossible for him (the lord mayor) to say whether the cabin which was
shown to the defendant came under the class of second cabin. It was
impossible for a magistrate to adjudicate in such a matter.

Mr. Goodman (chief clerk) asked the defendant if he went to the
emigration officer of the port? —The defendant said no, he did not. —Mr.
Goodman said he ought to have done so, and he would have surveyed the
vessel and given him a certificate.

The lord mayor said that the defendant's idea about a comfortable cabin
might be different from other people's. Some, who had not been in a very
good way of life, would perhaps think it a very good cabin, while others
might be of his, complainant's, opinion. The question was, was that as
good a cabin as could be reasonably expected for 4l. He himself thought
that he could not expect anything very beautiful or very comfortable.
The summons was dismissed.
