THE STRANGE CONFESSION OF MURDER AT BRIGHTON.

Herbert Arthur Green, clerk, 5, Palace-street, Buckingham-gate, Pimlico,
was charged on his own confession at Brighton on Saturday with murdering
his child, Louisa, aged five, by administering chlorodyne, at Brighton,
on the 5th inst. The case was remanded from Westminster police-court.
—The prisoner was dressed in black, and his face bore an anxious,
woe-beg one expression.

Inspector Dyer, of the Metropolitan police, stated that on the 11th
inst. the prisoner, accompanied by the Rev. Hill Jones, curate of St.
Paul's, Eaton-square, came to Rochester-road station and statement, in
which he sea made confessed that on the 5th inst. he took his two little
girls, aged seven and five, to Brighton intending to drown himself and
them. When at Brighton he gave each child some chlorodyne from a toy
pail and took them for a paddle in the sea. The children screamed so
loudly he brought them back and they were taken to the County hospital,
where Louisa died next morning. He afterwards attempted to commit
suicide, and was charged at Brighton, but was liberated on his wife
promising to look after him. He conscientiously believed he had been the
cause of his child's death.

Arthur Harold Mansell, assistant to Mr. Read, chemist,
Buckingham-palace-road, identified the prisoner as the man to whom he
sold a bottle of chlorodyne on the 4th inst.

Francis Mortimer Rowland, assistant to the house surgeon of the County
hospital, said that the child was brought to that institution on the 4th
inst., and he remained with her until she died. A postmortem was made,
and some fluid was found in the left pleura and some consolidation of
the basis of both lungs. He believed death was due to the condition of
the lungs and secondary shock. The fluid in the stomach smelt like
peppermint. Such a smell might be found with anything saturated with
chlorodyne.

The prisoner, who had no questions to ask, was remanded for a week.
