MIDDLESEX SESSIONS.

TUESDAY.

CHARGE OF ROBBERY. —The August adjourned session was held at Hicks's
Hall, Clerkenwell-green, on Tuesday. The calendar was light, and
contained only the names of 70 prisoners for trial, 59 of whom were
committed for larceny.

Charlotte Dutton, Sophia Griffiths, and Mary Dalzell, were indicted for
stealing a watch, value £6, the property of Adolphe Coulier. —Mr.
Prendergast was retained on behalf of the prisoners, Griffiths and
Dalzell. —The prosecutor, who was a Frenchman, and was examined through
the medium of an interpreter, said that he met the prisoner Dutton in
the New-road last Sunday week, and after some conversation, being in a
very gallant mood, he invited her to a house where they had some
refreshment. He laid his watch on the table, and shortly after it
disappeared. Dutton said that she knew nothing about it. The two other
prisoners were in waiting, and occasionally came in and out of the room.
The prosecutor sent Griffiths for a policeman, who, when he came,
received an account from the prosecutor how his watch had disappeared
from the table. The women said they knew nothing about it. The woman
Griffiths, who fetched. the policeman, it appeared, was the keeper of
the house, and ongoing to the officer, she said, "There's a Frenchman in
my house, who says he has been robbed of his watch."—Mr. Prendergast
said there was no case against his clients. —The learned judge, in
summing up, said it was a singular case. —The jury inquired for the
watch. —The learned judge said that it could not be found. There was no
proof that the prosecutor ever took it into the house. —The jury
returned a verdict of not guilty. —The court disallowed the prosecutor's
expenses.

ROBBING READY FURNISHED LODGINGS. —Ann Mitchell was indicted for
stealing two blankets and other articles, value £1 10s., the property
severally of Edward Bull and William Court. —The prisoner, there was
every reason to believe from the evidence, was one of those persons who
make a living in London, by taking ready furnished lodgings; and after
stripping them of every article they can lay their hands upon, decamp,
to repeat the process in another locality. —The court intimated a
determination to mark these cases, when brought home to the guilty
parties, with severity. —The prisoner was sentenced to imprisonment in
the House of Correction for six calendar months.
