THE ATTEMPTED WIFE MURDER AT HACKNEY.

On Thursday, Francis Moretti, twenty-one, confectioner, was indicted, at
the Central Criminal court for feloniously wounding Elizabeth Moretti,
his wife, with intent to murder her; and in a second count he was
charged with an intent to do her grievous bodily harm. —The prisoner was
also charged with unlawfully wounding himself with intent to kill
himself.

The prisoner was a foreigner, and at the time the occurrence took place
he was carrying on the business of a confectioner at 105, Hackney-road,
where he resided with his wife, to whom he was married shortly before
Christmas last. It appeared that on the 9th May the prisoner and his
wife had a slight quarrel, but nothing much to speak of, and at night
they were the same as usual, and went to bed about eleven o'clock. The
prisoner's wife was awoke in the morning about six o'clock by something
at her throat, and found herself covered with blood and her throat cut.
The prisoner was by her side, and had then an ice spoon in his hand. She
went to the window and called out, and got on to the cistern, and from
there down into the garden, and then into the house of a neighbour, by
whom she was immediately taken to the hospital. Upon proceeding
afterwards to the house, the prisoner was found up-stairs with his
throat cut very severely. A razor was found in one of the rooms down
stairs, and there were marks of blood on the floor from that room to the
room upstairs, where the prisoner was found. The prisoner was taken to
the hospital, where he and his wife remained until the 20th of June. The
wound in his wife's throat was very severe, the windpipe having been
severed; and she was for some time in extreme danger. The prisoner's
wound was also a very severe one.

The prosecutrix was still in a very weak state and appeared to have
entirely lost her voice, her evidence having to be repeated; and the
surgeon from the hospital expressed a doubt whether she would ever
recover.

In answer to Mr. Montague Williams the prosecutrix said the prisoner had
always treated her with the greatest kindness. He had sometimes been
rather strange in his manner, and told the customers that they came to
rob him, and on the day previous to the occurrence he went into the
garden and tore up the earth. She added that prisoner's father died a
lunatic.

When the prisoner was discharged from the hospital on the 20th of June,
he was taken into custody, and when told that he would be charged with
cutting his wife's and his own throat, he asked how he could be guilty
when he was not in his right senses.

The defence set up by the prisoner's counsel was that he was not in his
right mind at the time the act was committed; but no witnesses were
called. —The jury acquitted the prisoner on the ground of insanity.
