PRINCE ARTHUR AT THE GUILDHALL.

The ceremony of admitting Prince Arthur to the freedom of the City, to
which he is entitled by patrimony, took place at the Guildhall on
Thursday afternoon. Just before two o'clock his royal highness, dressed
in a morning suit, with light grey trousers and gloves to match, entered
the Council chamber at the Guildhall, his coming being heralded with the
usual ceremonies. On taking up his place at the right hand of the Lord
Mayor, the Chamberlain's Clerk read over the resolution of the court,
conferring the privilege of freedom upon his royal highness. The Prince
then, in a manly voice, recited the oath, in which he promised to be
good and true to “Our Sovereign Lady Victoria," obedient to the Lord
Mayor, and to maintain the franchise and customs of the City, keeping
them harmless as far as in him lay.

The Chamberlain then read an address, the sentiments of which were
applauded throughout. Having handed the casket to his royal highness,
Prince Arthur, who was repeatedly cheered, replied as follows: —My Lord
Mayor, Mr. Chamberlain, and Gentlemen. —It is a duty which I owe to your
lord- ship and to this court, to express my most sincere thanks for the
very kind and complimentary remarks which have been made upon this
occasion of my taking up the freedom of this city. And likewise must I
thank you for the handsome casket which contains that document. I am
well aware that the privilege of this freedom descends to me by
patrimony, though I must say that that does not make the honour which
you have conferred upon me any less. I feel deeply the position which I
have this day assumed. It is a source of unquestionable pride to find my
name placed side by side with the names of those who have won their
freedom by worth—by men who have added lustre to the greatness of this
vast empire. Proud, indeed, am I to be a freeman of the City of London,
which, as you have just remarked. holds out a bright example—amidst the
late terrible events which have been enacted on the continent—of the
blessings of a Constitution which secures to us happiness, peace, and
prosperity, where we have true freedom wisely ruled by law, order, and
loyalty (loud cheers). On the motion of Mr. Pedler, chairman of the City
Lands committee, the address of the Chamberlain and the reply of his
royal highness were ordered to be entered in the journals of the court.
—His royal highness then retired to the Guildhall, where he took
luncheon with the Lord Mayor, about 700 guests also being invited.
