PROGRESS OF REFORM.

We are in a position to state that the organisation conducted by the
Parliamentary Reform committee has greatly strengthened itself by
adherents from all ranks since the recent conference at the Guildhall
coffee-house. Several additions have been made to the committee, and
subscriptions for large and small amounts continue to flow into the
treasury. A recent circular, which has been extensively distributed,
states: --

"The success of this movement must depend on the support it receives
from the country. The committee, although they adopted as the result of
extensive inquiries their published programme, as likely to be
sanctioned by the largest number of constituent bodies, do not prescribe
it to any as the basis of their organisation. They are especially
anxious that reformers should place themselves in the most advantageous
position to pronounce on any Reform bill which may be introduced into
parliament, as to how far it fairly complies with the people's
reasonable demands, Hitherto their work, which has not been
unproductive, has been accomplished at a very moderate out lay; but the
time has clearly arrived when a bolder attitude must be taken, and
without any elaborate agitation they must be prepared for a very large
additional expenditure. Their efforts will necessarily be limited by the
means placed at their disposal, and they respectfully solicit
co-operation in their endeavors to render the House of Commons truly
representative of the people."

Among recent subscribers are Mr. Bazley, M.P., 10l.; Messrs. Crossley,
Halifax, 50l.; Mr. J. R. Jeffrey, Liverpool, 10l.; Mr. Wm. Edwards,
London, 10l; Mr. J. H. Dillon, London, 5l; and several others.

REFORM DEMONSTRATION AT NEWCASTLE. —A great political demonstration was
held on Monday night, in connection with the Northern Reform Union. Many
hundreds had to go away from the large hall unable to obtain admittance.
M. Cook, Esq., president of the union, in the chair. The meeting was
addressed by Messrs. Joseph Cowen, jun., Charles Larkin, and James Paul
Cobbet. The resolutions of the union were carried unanimously amidst
immense enthusiasm and excitement.
