THE LATE CATASTROPHE AT CLIFTON.

The following is the verdict in this case: – We find that the deceased
Thomas Croston, Richard Simmons, and George Barbour were killed on the
4th day of March instant, by the engine No. 13 running off the line and
upsetting near the Dixon-fold station, on the Manchester and Bolton
railway, caused by the excessive speed at which it was driven by the
deceased Thomas Croston, against whom we return a verdict of
“Manslaughter.” And we state that, although the rules of the company
furnished to the guards and drivers limit the speed of express trains to
thirty miles an hour, this train has usually far exceeded that speed;
and we think this could not so constantly have occurred without the
knowledge and approbation of the directors of the company. We find also
that the engine No. 13, from having only four wheels, and the length of
time it has been in use, was not a proper engine to attach to a train
running thirty miles an hour, even on a railway in good and efficient
order; that the permanent way of this railway, as regards sleepers,
chairs, and rails, in material and construction is generally very
defective, and by no means safe; that the speed at which the points to
branch lines are passed is highly dangerous; that the quick succession
of trains on the lines from Manchester to Clifton junction with the East
Lancashire company is also very dangerous; and that the general
arrangements of the company as to the maintenance of way and management
of trains do not conduce to the safety of the public; and we cannot too
strongly condemn the management of the Lancashire and Yorkshire railway
company on that portion of their line known as the Bolton and Preston
district. We are also of opinion that the speed at which express trains
travel on all railways is so great that a stringent investigation should
be instituted by the Board of Trade, as to the construction and present
condition of the permanent way, engines, and carriages, as well as the
working arrangements; and we fear it will be found. that the Lancashire
and Yorkshire railway is not the only one on which such a system of
economy prevails as seriously to endanger the safety of the public.”

We regret to have to state that another death (making five in the whole)
has now resulted from this terrible accident–Mrs. Horrox having died in
the infirmary about eleven o'clock on Friday night, from the effects of
the shock upon her system. A sixth death seems imminent; for we
(Manchester Guardian) learned at the infirmary last evening, that Betsey
Macartney, one of Mr. Barbour’s servants, was dangerously ill, and not
expected to recover. Mr. C. Caratti was doing very well indeed last
evening; all idea of amputation is, we understand, at present given up.
The other four patients in the infirmary–Ellen Hogg, and Messrs. Richard
Martyn (china stone and clay merchant, Carthew, near St. Austell,
Cornwall), Henry Kay, and Henry Pugh are doing very well; the first two
being recovering rapidly. – The health of both Mr. and Mrs. Barbour has
since our last steadily improved, and no immediate apprehensions of
danger are now entertained by their medical advisers.
