SPECIAL SUNDAY MORNING EDITION.

YESTERDAY'S LAW.

QUEEN'S BENCH.

THE EAST-END SPIRITUALIST CASE. —Mr. Ignatius Williams appeared before
the Lord Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Mallor, and said he appeared for
William Lawrence, who was sentenced to three months' imprisonment for
obtaining money under false pretences. A writ of error had been granted,
and he would now proceed to argue the case. He applied to set aside the
verdict and judgment, on the ground that the alleged offence did not
come within the meaning of the statute with reference to false
pretences. There were two counts, one of which was for obtaining money
by falsely pretending that he (Lawrence) had power to communicate with
the spirits of deceased persons, and produce them in a materialistic
form. His first point of argument was that there was no allegation of a
false existing fact. —Mr. Justice Mellor: But he said that he was able
to summon and produce spirits. That is not a matter of opinion. —The
Lord Chief Justice: He says, not that he will do so, but that he has the
power and the will to produce the spirits. —Mr. Williams said that no
one could say that the spirits were not present. —The Lord Chief
Justice: The question of appearances was a question for the jury; it was
a matter of fact and not of opinion. —After some further discussion, the
Lord Chief Justice said that it was perfectly clear that the defendant
had falsely pretended that he had the power to call up and produce
spirits. That was clearly a false pretence within the meaning of the act
of Parliament. It would be very mischievous indeed if it could be
supposed that delusions of this kind could be carried on, not as a mere
matter of amusement or of scientific investigation, but for the sordid
purpose of obtaining money by such representations, The offence was
clearly proved, and the indictment was perfectly in order. —Mr. Justice
Mellor concurred. —Lawrence who had been out on bail, then surrendered
to the tipstaff of the court, who accompanied him to Holloway, where he
will undergo his sentence

THE QUEEN V. GREYSON AND ANOTHER. —This was an indictment for
conspiracy, the prosecutor being Mr. Lawrence Levy, formerly an
attorney, and the defendants being a firm of solicitors. The allegation
was that the defendants conspired with one Symes to prefer a charge of
perjury against the prosecutor, which was dismissed by the magistrate,
and further that the defendants conspired with Symes to go before a
magistrate and prefer an indictment against the prosecutor, which came
on for trial before Mr. Baron Pollock at the Kingston assizes, when
Symes, through his counsel, withdrew from the prosecution. —The case,
part heard on Friday, was resumed yesterday, when the jury "Acquitted"
the defendants.
