EARL SHAFTESBURY ON EDUCATION.

The question now was, to be or not to be a Christian people; to be a
people governed by the Word of God, or a people governed by their own
devices; to be a people with corrected hearts, or a people with hearts
given up to the pursuits of the world and the influences of Satan; to be
or not to be a truly Protestant people. True Protestantism did not
consist in merely declaiming against Proper and protesting against the
advances of Ritualism and Jesuitry; consisted in taking the Bible as the
sole rule of faith and as the sole guide of life; as the beginning and
end and the middle of end things, and as being directly opposed to the
Secularist and the #. If Christianity is to be maintained in these
realms, it must be by the hearty co-operation of all believers, of
whatsoever denomination they might be. He saw in this fact a
providential manifestation that they should have a Christianity more
energetic more lively, more pure, when feeling the dangers to which it
was exposed, they turned to the right and to the left for help, and said
"God speed," and gave hearty co-operation to any one who loved the Lord
Jesus Christ in sincerity. Therefore, he viewed the matter of education
with grief, and with somewhat of alarm, when he saw so many of the
Nonconformists—men in whom he had hitherto reposed confidence, and for
whom he entertained ## of respect and admiration-join with the
Secularists for the desperate and unholy purpose of excluding from our
schools the Word of the living God. If religion, that deep internal
control which brought the conviction of the oversight of an ever-seeing
God, and the deep and solemn assurance that there was something beyond
this world which would compensate for the miseries and sufferings of
life, were necessary for those whom God had blessed with station and
affluence, how much more was it necessary for these little children of
suffering and toil, many of whom, from, their birthday to their death,
scarcely over heard a word of comfort of respect, and he might almost
say of affection? These were the children who had to be dealt with and
although he stood as stilly a any upon the necessity of giving secular
education to all classes of society, such education as would qualify
children to obtain am honest livelihood in all departments of life, he
said emphatically that religion, the Word of the living God, must be the
basis upon which to stand, and from which must flow those fountains of
life and joy which must permeate society until every child could see
prayers and ## in babbling brooks, sermons in stones, and God in
everything."

Contributions or stamps are much needed to pay the expenses of inserting
in a large number of London, provincial, Scotch, Welsh and Irish
newspapers (which are supposed to have three million readers weekly),
and will be thankfully received by the Rev. J. W Carter (vicar of
Christchurch. Stratford 7, Avenue-road, Bow, London.
