A DEPRAVED MOTHER.

Mrs. Elizabeth Rawlings, the wife of a captain of a merchant ship, was
brought before Mr. Elliott at the Lambeth police-court, on the following
charge:–

A gentleman from a solicitor’s office, accompanied by a clergyman,
attended, and said that the object of these proceedings against the
defendant was to protect the lives of her three children, and remove
them from her, as her conduct had rendered her wholly unfit to have the
care of them. Her husband had been allowing her a sum adequate to
support herself and her children, but it having recently come to his
knowledge and that of her friends that she indulged in drink, and that
she had been brought to this court on a charge of robbing her furnished
lodgings, they, in order to get the children away from her, sent up from
the neighbourhood of Bath a trustworthy servant of her family, and that
person called on her, when the defendant made use of language in
reference to her children which proved it to be unsafe to leave them
longer in her charge, and also uttered violent threats against the
person who had called on her. The three children were all under the age
of ten years.

Mrs. Elizabeth Elson, the servant alluded to, said, she found Mrs.
Rawlings at a house in the Waterloo-road, and on telling her for what
purpose she had come to town, she replied that unless she got her money,
as she was in the habit of doing, from her husband, she should poison
the children and herself. This threat she repeated, and was in a violent
passion.

Joseph Coster, one of the summoning officers, said that a warrant had
been placed in his hands to apprehend Mrs. Rawlings, and he found her
walking in the Waterloo-road. He told her he had a warrant for her
apprehension, on a charge of threatening to murder her children. She
replied that she did not consider what she said in the nature of a
threat. What she said was, that if she did not get her money she should
take her children to the top of the house and fling them out of the
window, and then jump out herself. She then asked him to go to the house
where her children were. He did so, and that house was a common brothel.

Mrs. Rawlings, whose tone, manner, and language, stamped her as a person
of superior education, but whose countenance, as evidently once
handsome, now showed the bloated and sodden appearance produced by
excessive drink, said that she was not aware of the character of the
house when she took lodgings there, as it was not in every place that a
mother with three children could get a lodging. She admitted that she
had got into a passion on hearing a threat from the old servant of the
family to take away her children, leaving here and unprovided for, and
with that feeling she had used expressions which she did. not mean. She
declared she had no intention of leaving her children.

Mr. Elliott observed that it was quite clear the prisoner was not a
proper person to have care of her children, but respecting their removal
from her he should give no opinion. He should merely call on her to find
bail, herself in 40%. and two sureties in 20%. each, to be of good
behaviour for one month. The defendant not being able to procure bail
was sent to Horsemonger- lane gaol, and her children were removed by
their friends.
