THE LONDON SCHOOL BOARD.

At the usual weekly meeting on Thursday, when the chairman, Mr. J.
Diggle, presided, the Rev. Andrew Drew moved: --“That in the opinion of
the Board a dual inspection of the schools is unnecessary, and is a
cause of undue expenditure; that this Board does therefore hereby decide
that the service of the Board Inspectors shall be discontinued." An
amendment proposed by the Rev. Charles. Brooke and seconded by the Rev.
Rhodes Bristowe: - “That the proposed resolution be referred to the
School Management Committee"—was carried.

On the motion of Mr. Helby, it was resolved that returns be made of the
present existing contracts—with the exception of the building,
contracts—giving the names of the contractors, their trade, and
description of the article contracted for.

On the motion of Captain Probyn, it was resolved by 26 to 14: — “That it
be referred to the Finance committee to consider, and report to the
Board the steps necessary, to be taken in order to extend the period for
the repayment of the sinking fund from 50 to 100 years."

Mr. Helby moved: — “That a return be compiled showing the names of all
persons in the employ of the Board on the 1st of December, 1885 (except
teachers and school keepers), showing their age, how employed, hours of
employment, date of appointment, rate of pay on appointment, present
rate of pay, and how occupied previous to coming into Board employ."
—The resolution was carried by 25 to four against.

The Rev. Arthur Jephson said that there was a great desire among the
ratepayers that there should be some means by which they could see the
accounts and expenditure of the Board. This desire was very great among
a large body of working men. He therefore moved: — “That an abstract be
published periodically in the daily press, and as LLOYD'S WEEKLY
NEWSPAPER had a very large circulation and was very generally read, that
the advertisement should also be inserted in that newspaper." —Mr.
Foster seconded the proposition. —Mr. Ross thought they ought not to go
to such an expense. —Lieut. -colonel Hughes, M.P., said it was no part
of their duty to communicate with the ratepayers through the newspapers.
—Mr. E. N. Buxton, M.P., said he was not at all opposed to giving the
ratepayers the desired information, and lie proposed: — “That the
subject be referred to the Finance committee," which was finally
adopted.
