THE ALLEGED BREACH OF THE NEUTRALITY LAWS.

On Thursday morning John Patrick M'Donald was charged, on remand, at the
Bow-street police-court, with having, in conjunction with others not in
custody, enlisted under false pretences and sent out a number of
Irishmen from this country for the purpose of fighting on the side of
the French against the Prussians. —Mr. Costello, who was examined at
great length at the last hearing, was recalled and cross-examined by Mr.
Merriman. He said: I never described myself as a leader of any military
organisation, nor did I ever hold any rank. I was not in the habit of
receiving telegrams from Tours. I was requested to read one telegram
which Captain Thierry had received from the Minister of War to the men.
It contained three questions: —Firstly, would the men consent, if so how
many, to join a battalion of the Foreign Legion to be incorporated in a
line regiment? Secondly, would the men, if so how many, consent to join
a body of Francs-Tireurs? Thirdly, would the men, and if to how many,
prefer being sent home? To the first question the men gave a unanimous
negative. To the second question about one-third adhered conditionally.
To the third question about two-thirds of the men agreed. I conveyed
these answers to Captain Thierry. That was the only telegram I read.
—John Flanedy recalled: The man whom I saw in France, and was called
Colonel Dyer, is the same man whom I saw in Bolt-court, and was then
called Mr. O'Hagan. By Mr. Merriman: The last witness, Mr. Costello, is
the gentleman I referred to in my last evidence. —James Wood, the
captain of the steamer John Bull, in which the men were taken out to
Havre, said he went, in pursuance of orders he received from Mr. Bishop,
to Bolt-court. He there saw Mr. M'Donald, Witness asked him how many men
were going to sail to Havre. He replied there were 62 already paid for,
and there might be some more. Witness asked him, "Where is the
ambulance?" He replied, "It has not gone by you (the General Steam
Navigation company). I suppose it has gone from Dublin." There were
about 80 or 90 persons on board the vessel altogether. Mr. M'Donald and
two brothers, named Cotter, were in charge of the men. M'Donald went as
far as Gravesend; the Cotters went on to Havre. —After some further
evidence, Sir T. Henry committed the prisoner for trial for an
infringement of the Foreign Enlistment act, and for conspiring to commit
that offence. His worship agreed to admit the prisoner to bail, himself
in 200l., and one surety of 200l., or two in 100l. each.
