FEARFUL SCENE AT AN EXECUTION IN IRELAND.

TULLAMORE, Wednesday. —The convict, Laurence King, who was found guilty
at the last assizes of the wilful murder of Lieutenant Clutterbuck, of
the 5th fusiliers, under circumstances of peculiar atrocity, suffered
the extreme penalty of the law this morning in front of the county gaol.
The Rev. Mr. M'Ilroy counselled his flock from the altar on Sunday to
remain at home, and they obeyed his wishes. Mr. Anderson, the
undersheriff of the county, arrived at eleven o'clock, and the usual
preliminaries having been arranged in the chapel, the procession was
formed. It consisted of the Rev. M. M'Ilroy, who led the way, followed
by the prisoner, the Rev. Mr. Flood, and the Rev. Mr. Higgins. The
hangman slunk after the prisoner. The deputy governor, Mr. Burke, the
undersheriff, and a number of turn keys followed. The prisoner was very
firm, and walked with an elastic step, praying as he went in conjunction
with the clergymen, and kissing now and then a crucifix which was held
before him. He was not at all pale or nervous. In fact, he was the
firmest man of the party. He was only about twenty years of age, and
though under the middle height he was of muscular build. Those who are
in a position to judge state that he got very fat during his
imprisonment. The procession wended its way slowly up a narrow flight of
stone steps which led to the gallows. At the foot of this grim-looking
machine the prisoner and the clergy knelt and prayed for a short time,
and they went on the drop. King gazed about him for a moment, and
addressing the people said— "I hope you will all pray for me, I am
guilty and ready to die for it." The hangman put the rope round his
neck, and drew the noose tight with unnecessary roughness. He next tied
a white bag over the head, and concluded his preparation of the culprit
by firmly tying his legs. This occupied nearly five minutes. He then
descended and untied a string. The heavy bang of a board was heard, the
rope went through the block with a whizzing sound, and the doomed man
dangled at its end. He fell about four feet, and if the rope had been
eighteen inches longer he would have touched, the roof of the gaol. For
half a minute no movement was discernible in him. Then he was seized
with convulsions. He drew up his feet, and clenched his hands, and
shrugged his shoulders many, many times, and these dying agonies lasted
for fully five minutes. The knot of the rope had been placed, or had
slipped to the back of his neck, and he died a fearful death from
suffocation. A low wail outside was the only symptom of feeling. In half
an hour the body was lowered and placed in a coffin for burial within
the gaol. Thus ended a shocking tragedy. —Freeman's Journal.
