ALLEGED MURDER IN FIFESHIRE.

On Saturday, a man named William Williamson, surfaceman, was apprehended
and taken to Cupar by Captain Bremner, chief constable of Fifeshire, on
a charge of having murdered Edward Glenning, a # in the service of Mr.
Alexander Hunter, farmer, in the farms of Fordell-hill and Strathburn.
Fordell and Strathburn are two farms in the vicinity of the village of
Leuchars. It appears that on Friday afternoon the deceased, along with
Williamson and a number of farm servants, had been at a sale of stock on
the farm at Strathburn. In the afternoon a quarrel arose between
Williamson and deceased regarding a dog which the former had. Glenning
had it is stated, threatened to strike or kick the dog, upon which
Williamson remarked that he might as well strike himself as his dog.
Whether the deceased carried his threat to strike the dog into effect is
not known, but the men soon afterwards closed, and a wrestle took place.
At the conclusion of the wrestling, Williamson left the company of
Glenning, but was followed by him. The result was that Williamson got
possession of a stone of considerable size, and striking Glenning with
it on the head, felled him to the ground. Having remained on the ground
for some time in a state of unconsciousness, Glenning was lifted by his
comrades and taken to a house in the vicinity, where he had his head
bathed. This occurred seven o'clock; and Glenning was so far recovered
that he, along with his companions, left the house with the intention of
going home. They had not proceeded far, however, when Glenning lay down
on the road, at the side of a wall between St. Fort and Leuchars. There
the two men who accompanied Glenning left him lying. At ten o'clock they
returned, and found him in the same place, breathing heavily, and
apparently in a sound sleep. Their efforts to rouse him proved
ineffectual, and they again left him lying. On leaving they went to his
house, which was about half a mile away, and told his wife what had
happened, but no efforts were made to have him removed to a more
comfortable place. Nothing further transpired till about five o'clock on
Saturday morning, when one of Glenning’s companions of the previous
evening went to the place and found him dead. An alarm was immediately
given, and Dr. Constable, of Leuchars was sent for. On his arrival, he
had the body removed to the farm steading of Strathburn. Captain Bremner
was also informed of the circumstances, and brought with him from Cupar,
Dr. Bonsar, who, along with his professional brother, made post-mortem
examination of the body, which ended is an opinion that death resulted
from the injury Glenning had received from the stone, the skull having
been fractured. Captain Bremner apprehended Williamson on a charge of
having murdered Glenning, and had him conveyed to Cupar, where on
Saturday night he was examined before Sheriff Taylor, and stated that
decensed had ill-used him, and that he has endeavoured to get away from
him. Glenning, who was a stout man, about thirty-four years of age, was
married, and leaves a wife and one, the latter about three weeks old.
Williamson is about twenty years of age, unmarried, has no parents, and
belongs to the north west of Elle. He was on Saturday committed to Cupar
prison for further examination.
