THE TRIAL OF MARSHAL BAZAINE.

On Monday the brother of Marshal Bazaine was examined, and gave evidence
tending to show that M. Gambetta was kept accurately informed of the
position of the army in Metz. General Shmitz, Colonel Magnan, and other
officers gave evidence, but no new fact was brought to light. M.
Fournier, a lawyer of Metz, deposed to having heard the statement that
Marshal Bazaine had had a conference with Prince Frederick Charles at
the Château Corni.

On Tuesday General Boyer gave an account of his mission to Versailles
and Hastings. He said Prince Bismarck gave him the most sombre picture
of the state of France, alleging that several towns had asked for
Prussian garrisons. The Prince was willing to grant an armistice if the
Metz army publicly pronounced in favour of the Imperial dynasty. General
Boyer added that the Empress would never have consented to a cession of
territory. The President, the Duc d'Aumale, alluding to the various
negotiations which were entered upon, said Prince Bismarck had an
interest in multiplying them in order to oppose the one against the
other. Replying to a question from the Government commissary, who asked
General Boyer why he had not given notice of his movements to the
Government of the National Defence, the witness said: —"I had nothing to
communicate to those people." M. Panean, the mayor of Versailles,
deposed that Prince Bismarck told him that the Emperor Napoleon could
have disposed of the Metz army. M. Tachand, the French minister in
Brussels, deposed that the wife of Marshal Bazaine told him one day that
General Boyer “was her husband's evil genius."

On Wednesday General Canrobert was recalled, and stated that in the
month of October it was no longer possible to carry on a campaign, but
that blows might have been struck at the enemy Negotiations ought,
therefore, to have been conducted, not with a view to a capitulation,
but to the conclusion of a convention. He added—"If its terms I were not
honourable, we might still have appealed to arms, and should not have
succumbed without a vigorous effort." Generals Leboeuf and Ladmirault
gave evidence to the same effect. Generals Frossard, Coffinières, and
Chaugarnier were also examined, but nothing striking was elicited. M.
Rouher was then called. He gave an account of the negotiations carried
on in London, and said the Empress made every effort to save the Army of
the Rhine, but the Germans refused any concession. Prince Bismarck asked
the Empress to give her signature in blank to a paper which was to
contain the bases of the preliminaries of peace, but the Empress
absolutely refused to give her signature, because she would not agree to
any cession of territory. M. Rouher declared that in all these
negotiations the Empress was guided by a sentiment of patriotism, and
that her sole aim was to save France.

The court reassembled on Friday. General Jarras, who displayed much
emotion, gave an account of his mission to negotiate for the
capitulation of Metz. The Germans. refused all the concessions he asked
except one of small importance, which Marshal Bazaine ultimately
declined. Marshal Bazaine ordered all the flags to be sent to the
arsenal to be destroyed, but in the meantime a notice arrived from the
headquarters of the German army, from which it was evident that it would
be impossible to destroy the flags without a rupture of the armistice.
General Jarras's evidence created a considerable sensation. Marshal
Canrobert gave evidence with regard to the last incidents of the
capitulation; his narrative produced such an impression that Marshal
Bazaine burst into tears. Marshal Canrobert said: — “Why did not a great
inspiration strike the Commander-in-Chief? why, instead of occupying his
time with the details of the convention, did he not simply write to the
Prussians: — “Conquered by famine, we break our arms; do what you will
with us.” At these words the whole court was deeply affected. General
Devaux stated that the Imperial guard destroyed their flags; Generals
Lapasset and Leavencoupet also caused their flags to be burnt.

At the sitting of the court on Saturday, further evidence was given of
the destruction of the flags, and the trial was adjourned till Monday,
when the examination of witnesses will be concluded, and the Public
prosecutor will then commence his address to the court.
