BEWARE OF MAN AND WOMAN-TRAPS.

Matrimony made Easy–a dirty little pamphlet, hardly the size of a
puppy-dog’s ear, addressed to the congenial ears of the simple and
credulous–has been forwarded to us; and we hold it to be our duty to
give the authoress, for she is a woman trap, set for men and women’s
money, the benefit of our publicity. Madame – has a mission: it is to
bring lone hearts together by means of advertisements. She would turn
the columns of a newspaper into a pigeon-house for pairing. Madame –
(with doubtless all her heart and all her soul) – avers it is–

Lamentable to think of the thousands of men who, although desirous of
marrying, and in every way qualified for the fulfilment of its duties,
are yet debarred from enjoying its felicities. And on the other hand it
is equally deplorable to consider the far greater number of ladies of
the highest respectability who are doomed to a life of loneliness and
maideniam. It is not my object to state in these few pages the various
obstacles which prevent persons meeting with partners suited to their
respective tastes. All will easily find a reason referring to
themselves. My object is to direct attention to two ways by which all
may be married regardless of age, appearance, or position!

What think you of that? The old, the ugly, the crook- backed, the
goggle-eyed, the halt and the poverty-stricken; all may be paired
regardless of age, appearance, or position! And how? By advertisement.
Madame’s experience declares the newspaper to be–

The safest, most speedy, and infallible way of effecting a marriage
under any circumstances, and whether male or female, those who adopt my
suggestions will find hundreds of the highest respectability in every
way suited to their tastes, and whom they could love with all the
fondness of human affection, ready and really anxious to respond to the
invitation.

Well, Madame here proposes to step in, pen-in-hand, ready to draw up an
advertisement (the usual fee being paid,) for any brainless gander, or
foolish little goose, willing to be plucked, that gander or goose may be
trussed for the altar! Madame has, however, another way; even more
touching, more delicate:

There is also another way by which the above object can be realised –
for from my being daily in communication with hundreds of the highest
respectability of both sexes, of all ages, classes, and conditions
(having at the present moment the names of thirty-five titled persons on
my list), who are anxious to form matrimonial alliances, it necessarily
follows that I can generally introduce any person to a partner in every
way suited to their fancy, possessing all the qualities essential to
happiness, and render the married state, what indeed it ought to be, an
earthly paradise of bliss.

Quite true: Madame warrants her Garden of Eden to be wholly free from
thorns or serpents. Besides: bachelor or maid may as easily be paired as
commonest cup-and-saucer, for the lady “can always introduce the exact
style of person that is required.”

The style of person we would introduce to Madame – would be a
police-officer; and her paradise, Tothill- fields prison, with oakum for
roses. On the wrapper of her book, Madame informs bare-faced bachelors
that for twenty-five postage stamps” she will send any gentleman so much
hair and whisker-seed. Thus, she has not only wives, but mustachios
continually or hand; and by the aid of her “so potent art” can transform
the most smock-faced youth into the most hairy Samson.

We have cried “beware of man and woman-traps,” and have therefore done
our duty.
