RELIGION NOT THE FOF OF ENJOYMENT.

Even Jesus goes to a wedding: He meets the human race, whom He came to
bless, first of all at a nuptial ceremony. He mingles His sympathies
with their joys before He mourns with them in their sorrows. He thus
tells them that he has not come to look on the dark side of their
condition alone, but to take a just view of it; to rejoice with them
that rejoice, as well as to weep with them that weep, recognizing the
truth that there is much in this world to make us happy, and nothing
more so then the love of kindred hearts, united in those bonds which the
benevolent Creator constituted in Paradise. He has come to deliver us
from hell, and He wishes us to know that there is a heaven. We are
subject to miseries innumerable and great, our danger is fearful, our
liability to eternal sorrow le alarming; but other things also are true,
that God loves us with a benevolent and compassionate love, seeks our
perfect happiness, and would restore us to that which our first parents
lost by the fall; and not only would he make us happy hereafter: He
wishes us to know that the ways of Wisdom, here, are ways of
pleasantness, and all her paths are peace; that religion is not only
consistent with present happiness, but eminently promotes it that Christ
and religion do not frown upon innocent human joys, but, on the
contrary, purify them, hallow them, Impart a gest to them, and give with
them that richest and sweetest ingredient, a sense of God's approbation
and love. Be that if any are tempted to look upon religion as an enemy
to innocent pleasure, and feel that to be followers of Christ is to take
the veil; that to enter the Christian Church is to shake hands at the
door with every innocent enjoyment; that putting on the new man is to
put on stiffness and austerity: that being converted is being made unit
for social life and that religion means the surrendering of everything
and gaining nothing; they may see their error corrected by this
testimony of Christ our Saviour, in favour of human happiness, in His
boing present at a wedding, and in His beginning the work for which he
came down from heaven by contributing to the hilarity of a wedding
feast. So far from being unfriendly to human happiness, religion alone
warrants and enables us to be perfectly happy in this world. The Church
of Christ is spoken of in the Bible as the only portion of the human
race that has claims to perfect happiness, and we say to you that, if
you would be truly happy in this world you must be a true Christian, and
give up the world, the flesh, and the devil. Those amusements and
pleasures are alone innocent on which you can ask God's blessing.

Contributions or stamps are much needed to pay the expenses of inserting
in a large number of London, Provincial, Scotch, Welsh, and Irish
newspapers (which are supposed to have three million readers weekly) and
will be thankfully received by the Rev. J. W. Carter, vicar of Christ
church, Stratford. 7, Avenue-road, Bow, London, B
