PUTRID FISH AT COLUMBIA MARKET.

At Worship-street police-court, on Tuesday, Mr. William Reed, wholesale
fishmonger of Columbia-market, attended in answer to a summons taken out
against him by the Bethnal green vestry, charging him with having in his
possession a quantity of putrid fish, with intent to sell the same for
human food.

William Borrowes, a sanitary inspector of Bethnal-green parish, deposed
that about 12 o'clock on Monday, the 15th instant, he was visiting the
shop of a smoke curer in Nelson-street. Bethnal-green, when two men
entered, and stated that they had been sent by Mr. Reed to ask if that
gentleman could have 60 or 70 trunks of haddocks smoked that day. They
were replied to in the negative, but told they could have 20 trunks
done. They then said that it was necessary they should be all done that
day, as they were rather queer. When the men left, witness went with Mr.
Jarvis, medical officer of health, to Columbia-market, where, placed
about the stall occupied by the defendant in his business, he saw 68
trunks or pads of haddocks. Behind them stood the defendant and the two
men who had been to the smoke curers. The fish were examined, and found
to be in a very decomposed state. Defendant said they were his property,
but on being asked what he was going to do with them he replied, "Oh,
they are condemned by the inspector." He then pointed out one of the
inspectors appointed by the Fishmongers' company, who, on coming up,
stated that he had condemned them at a quarter to 11. Defendant was told
by witness that he, as parish inspector, should seize them as unfit for
human food. Defendant refused to let them be removed, and the inspector
said that they were in his charge. Shortly afterwards a van was sent
for, and by force some were removed by several men, who threatened to
punch his (witness's) head if he interfered. A sample of the fish was,
however, brought to this court and condemned by the magistrate.

Mr. W. Jarvis, M.D., medical officer of health for the parish of
Bethnal-green, proved the condition of the fish.

Mr. Newton ordered defendant to pay a fine of 10l. and costs (3l. 2s.),
and, after remarking on the Fish-mongers' company exercising
jurisdiction out of the city of London, said that they had better
appoint a proper person to act instead of an effete and in-efficient
servant, who was conniving with the defendant to put money into his
pocket by allowing this stinking fish to be smoked and passed off as it
for human food.

Dr. Jarvis said it constantly happened that fish was passed by the
inspectors at Billingsgate, and when it was brought into the
Columbia-market was seized and condemned by the parish officers.
