MURDER OF A YOUNG WOMAN BY HER SWEETHEART.

Yesterday, Mr. W. Carter instituted an inquiry at Camberwell workhouse
relative to the death of Victoriana Pugh, aged twenty, an unfortunate
girl, who was found drowned in the Camberwell branch of the Grand Surrey
canal, and whom it was feared had met with her death from unfair means.

It appeared the deceased was acquainted with a young man named Tom
Knighton, who was known as her sweetheart. On Saturday fortnight, they
were seen together near Camberwell-green, about ten minutes to twelve
o'clock at night, and she was then apparently in a very excited
condition, and appeared to be addressing Knighton very angrily.

On the same night the deceased and Knighton were seen quarrelling, and
the deceased was heard to say she would follow the young man, as she was
determined to have her revenge, and if he attempted to go home she would
break all in-doors, but what she would have him out. They were both then
very much excited, and from that time nothing was heard of the deceased
until she was found dead in the canal.

The testimony of Mr. Edwin Chabot, surgeon, of Camberwell, proved
distinctly that the death across from drowning, but upon removing the
scalp two spots or patches of blood were found on the skull, one the
size of a half a crown, and the other of sixpence, each, as stated by
the medical gentleman, having been caused by a blow or fall, in his
opinion, received shortly or if not just prior to her death.

It was also proved by a female who lived on the banks of the canal, near
the spot where the body was found, that most dreadful screams were heard
on Sunday morning fortnight, about two o'clock, and then a cry, in a
woman's voice, of "Oh don't!" three times, and on the third time
something was said in a man's voice–after which, a plash in the water.

A boy who was without a home and who went to sleep on a lime kiln on the
bank of the canal, also heard the screams of a female, and afterwards a
plash in the water, and then the footsteps of some man running
away–these statements being also corroborated by other witnesses.

The learned coroner here read over the whole of the evidence to the
young man Knighton, who had, in a statement made to the coroner's
officer, declared he parted with the deceased on the night in question
on St. George's bridge (near where the body was found), and that he had
not seen her since.

The man Knighton, who appeared to be quite in different to the grave
charge against him, declined asking any questions of the various
witnesses.

The jury, after an hour's consultation, returned a verdict of "Wilful
murder against Thomas Frederick Knighton," and he was at once conveyed
to Horse monger-lane gaol.
