THE SINGULAR CHARGE OF CONSPIRACY.

At Marlborough-street police-court, on Thursday afternoon, Mr. Robert
Gordon Hope Johnstone, 66, Thistle-grove, and Mr. John Henry Smallpage,
tailor, Maddox-street, surrendered for further hearing on a charge of
conspiracy. —Mr. Serjeant Ballantine having intimated that as most of
the bills had been returned to Mr. Milbanke, it was more than probable
that an understanding would be arrived at between the plaintiff and
defendants, Mr. Knox said the case was entirely in Mr. Serjeant
Ballantine's hands, and if he thought proper to withdraw from the
prosecution he (Mr. Knox) would offer no obstacle. He confessed he
thought the case very weak, and he did not think it was one upon which a
jury would give a conviction. —The solicitors on either side having
consulted together for some time, Mr. Serjeant Ballantine said that,
while there was no doubt as to the importance of the question as
regarded Major Johnstone's misapplying the bills, still be quite
coincided with the learned magistrate's judgment that he was trustee and
not bailee in the matter, and he confessed that he thought that his
worship would, in the conclusion, decide that there was no case to send
before a jury. The bills had been given up, and he was told that Mr.
Smallpage never had the bills, and he hoped that no imputation from any
remarks of his would be left upon Mr. Smallpage's character, and he
begged, with the permission of Mr. Knox, to withdraw from the
prosecution. —Mr. Besley said. that Major Johnstone had never broken any
engagement he had entered into with Mr. Milbanke, and if he were put on
his oath he could give a satisfactory explanation of the present
transaction. He was quite willing to meet the question in any court, and
to answer the imputation brought against him. —Major Johnstone: Most
certainly. —Mr. Digby Seymour said there had been nothing from first to
last that in the slightest degree implicated Mr. Smallpage in a
fraudulent transaction. —Mr. Knox said that Major Johnstone's conduct
had been most unsatisfactory, to say the least of it; for looking at his
age and the age of the young gentleman (Mr. Milbanke), he ought to have
protected him, instead of which he (Mr. Milbanke) had been swindled out
of 10,500l. As regarded Mr. Smallpage, he was bound to say that he
believed he was perfectly innocent of the charge preferred against him.
He accordingly dismissed the case.
