CORONER'S INQUEST.

MELANCHOLY SUICIDE OF A YOUNG FEMALE. —Yesterday afternoon an
investigation, which lasted upwards of five hours, took place in the
board-room of Christchurch work house, Blackfriars-road, before Mr.
Carter, on view of the body of Ann Eliza Gardner, aged 24, who was found
in the River Thames on Tuesday last.

James Faulkner, carpenter, deposed that he was employed at the works at
Blackfriars-bridge. On Tuesday afternoon, while at work under the second
arch, his attention was called to something floating on the surface of
the water, which, upon being taken out, proved to be the body of the
deceased.

By the Coroner: Did not make any examination or search; there were no
marks of violence about the head; the deceased had on a large brown
cloak, a shawl, and straw bonnet; there were also clogs on her feet.

Bridge, the beadle, here stated that he searched the deceased, and found
in her pockets half a sovereign, two five shilling pieces, three
half-crowns, one shilling, and tenpence in copper. In consequence of a
paragraph in the papers the body had since been owned.

Mrs. Mary Hawkins, residing in Alfred-place, Cross-street, Blackfriars,
stated that she was acquainted with the deceased, who was a servant. On
Friday afternoon deceased called upon her, and remained some hours. She
appeared very much depressed in spirits, and frequently cried.

Catherine Mead stated that she lived at No. 10, Wells street,
Oxford-street; knew the deceased, who was a few days back in the service
of Mrs. Cherton, hosier, of Oxford-street, who on Thursday last
discharged her, because she refused to clear the snow, which fell during
the late storm, from the roof of the house; since then she had procured
another situation, but Mrs. Cherton refused to give her a character, and
the parties she had engaged with consequently refused to take her. That
circumstance appeared very much to prey on the deceased's mind, and she
frequently exclaimed that "Mrs. Cherton might as well have taken her
life as her character." Since then she had been in a very desponding
state.

By the Jury: Believed, on her oath, that the deceased destroyed herself
in consequence of not being able to procure a situation.

By the Coroner: The deceased had formed an acquaintance with a young
man, who was then present, but she believed that nothing improper had
occurred between them.

Isaac Gardner, brother of the deceased, saw his sister on Thursday night
last, when she appeared very dejected; from the conversation which then
took place, he had no doubt but that his unfortunate sister destroyed
herself in consequence of the disappointment occasioned by Mrs. Cherton
refusing to give her a character.

The jury returned a verdict of "Temporary Insanity."
