POLICE INTELLIGENCE.

BOW-STREET.

  INDECENT ASSAULT. —A respectably-dressed elderly man was placed at the
  bar, charged with committing an indecent assault on the person of a
  boy named Henry Johnson, on the previous evening, in the Strand. The
  prisoner, on being taken into custody and conveyed to the watch house,
  stated his name to be JOHN BOWERS, and that he resided at 17,
  Islington-road. On being carried before the magistrate, however, he
  altered his story, and stated that his name was BARBER. He also
  declined giving his real address. It appeared that the complainant,
  who resided with his father at 1, New-inn-yard, Shoreditch, was
  dispatched on an errand, and that on his way up the Strand the
  defendant came up to him while opposite to Ackermann's Repository, and
  assaulted him in an indecent manner. This conduct he followed up until
  his arrival in Southampton-street, when two gentlemen named Routh and
  Bennett, who had observed his infamous behaviour, gave him in custody
  to Monro a policeman of the F division.

  The defendant, when called on for his defence, did not wholly deny the
  truth of the charge. He stated himself to be living on his own private
  property; he paid a guinea and a half per week for his lodgings,
  independent of which he had sufficient to support himself. He was
  unmarried.

  The MAGISTRATE ordered the defendant to put in bail for his appearance
  at the sessions to answer the charge, and to give 18 hours' notice; he
  could not fix the amount of bail until inquiries had been made into
  his character and real station in life.

  The defendant was then removed in custody, and was conveyed to the New
  Prison in a hackney coach at his own request. On leaving the carriage,
  at the door of the prison, he made a bold attempt to escape; being a
  corpulent man, however, he was unable to move off very quickly, and
  was immediately again secured by the officer into whose custody he had
  been delivered.

  INFORMER DEFEATED. —Mr. EDWARD ANTROBUS, of 446, Strand, tea-dealer,
  appeared to answer to a summons issued at the instance of John Richard
  Carter, an informer, charging him with suffering a cask to remain on
  the footway-pavement, on the 29th Nov. Both the informer and his
  witness, Digby, gave evidence, which was contradicted by four
  witnesses, and Mr. MINSHULL dismissed the case.

  MARY-LA-BONNE.

  A stripling girl, named Mary Ana Flood, was charged under the
  following circumstances: - Keys, the officer, stated that he observed
  the prisoner following a very elegantly dressed lady along
  Paddington-street and soliciting alms. The lady crossed the road
  several times, and the prisoner followed her each time with the
  greatest impudence, till finding she could extort no money, she
  revenged herself by striking the lady on the face with a force that
  drew blood, and felled her to the ground. Keys then apprehended her.
  —Committed for one month.

  MARLBOROUGH-STREET.

  A great number of respectable inhabitants of the parish of St. James,
  attended before a full Bench of magistrates, to argue a question
  respecting the right of hackney-coaches to stand in Piccadilly, from
  St. James's church to the Hay market. The question was considered of
  so much importance, that the parish employed Mr. C. Phillips to
  conduct their cause. Evidence was heard on both sides. On the part of
  the parish, it was contended that the stand, at that particular place,
  was the occasion of serious obstruction, and placed, in a great many
  instances, the lives and limbs of passengers in jeopardy. —On the
  other hand, it was asserted that the stand had been regularly
  appointed by the Hackney-coach Commissioners, and therefore it ought
  not to be put down. After a long and patient hearing of the arguments
  pro. and con., the further consideration of the case was postponed to
  Wednesday next.
