MIRROR OF FASHION.

[FROM THE COURT CIRCULAR.]

The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, attended by Baroness Ahlefeldt and
Sir James Reynett, honoured the Archbishop of York with their company at
dinner on Wednesday evening, at his residence in Grosvenor-square. Their
Royal Highnesses, accompanied by his Grace, afterwards went to the
performance of Ancient Music at the Hanover-square Rooins.

The King and Queen left the Palace at St. James's shortly before seven
o'clock on Wednesday evening, on their return to Windsor Castle,
escorted by a party of Light Horse. His Majesty gave audience before
leaving town to Earl Cawdor.

The Landgravine of Hesse Homberg, attended by Sir Henry Wheatley,
honoured the performance of La Sonnambula, at the King's Theatre, on
Tuesday evening, with her presence.

The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, and Princess Augusta of Cambridge,
attended by Baroness Ahlefeldt and Sir James Reynett, and Prince George,
accompanied by his Preceptor, the Rev. Mr. Wood, went yesterday
afternoon to the Fête Champetre in the Regent's Park, in aid of the
Royal Dispensary for Diseases of the Ear.

Messrs. Nielson and Walker, from Canada, accompanied by Mr. Gillespie,
had an interview yesterday with Lord Glenelg, at the Colonial Office.

Viscount Morpeth visited Viscount Melbourne and the Chancellor of the
Exchequer yesterday.

The Cabinet Ministers dined with Lord Glenelg on Wednesday evening, at
his residence in Great George-street. All the members of the Cabinet
except Lord Holland were present. Lord Holland joined his colleagues
during the evening.

The Lords of the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council sat yesterday
in the Council Chamber. There were present the Vice-Chancellor, Lord
Commissioner Bosanquet, the Right Honourable Sir J. Vaughan, Thomas
Erskine, and Sir A. Johnston.

The Honourable William Bathurst was the Clerk of the Council in waiting.

The appeal from Bombay, argued at a former sitting, was resumed.

The case of Jephson v. Rieva (Gibraltar) was afterwards commenced.

The further hearing of this appeal was adjourned on the rising of the
Court at four o'clock.
