THE POISON MYSTERY.

COMMENTS OF THE COMMON SERJEANT.

IN charging the grand jury at the Old Bailey on Monday the Common
Sergeant, reviewing the Calendar—which he said, was the heaviest he had
known during the twenty years he had been connected with the court—dwelt
particularly upon the charge against the man Neill. He explained that
the prisoner was charged with the murder of four young women, with the
attempted murder of another woman named Louisa Harris, and with sending
letters demanding money with manatees. Neill, he continued, was an
American, and he seemed to have received to some extent the education of
a doctor, and to have at one time been a student at St. Thomas's
Hospital, although this was not very clear. Prisoner undoubtedly came to
this country in September last year and took lodgings in South London.
He went back to America, but only for a short time. In September, last
year, two women, named Shrivell and Marsh, were found dying in the
streets from strychnine poisoning. There would be direct evidence that
the prisoner was acquainted with these women, because there was found in
his possession, when arrested, a piece of paper which contained the
address of these women in Marsh's handwriting, and when their deaths
were under investigation the coroner received a letter, which would be
proved to be in the handwriting of the prisoner, stating that he was in
possession of information proving that a medical student named Harper
had poisoned the women.

Just before this a Dr. Harper, of Barnstaple, received a letter, also
said to be from the prisoner, demanding £1,500, and stating that unless
he received this amount the writer would give information incriminating
his son, Mr. W. H. Harper, in the murder of the two women. It could not
be too widely known that the sending of such a letter was in itself a
most serious offence. A curious and remarkable fact was that this letter
and that sent to the coroner was written upon note-paper which bore the
same water-mark, and was in every way identical with two letters
admitted to be in prisoner's handwriting. As to the woman Clover, there
would be evidence that he was in her company within a short time of her
death, and the woman Harris gave specific evidence of the prisoner
trying to induce her to take pills, and when arrested prisoner was found
to be in possession of pills and capsules. There was a great deal of
other evidence with which it would not be necessary to trouble them, as
they (the grand jury) would probably be of opinion that, having regard
to the serious nature of the case itself, it would be better that the
whole of the facts should be investigated by a judge and jury. His
lordship mentioned other cases, and the grand jury retired to their
duties. Mr. Geoghegan applied for a postponement of the trial until next
Sessions, stating that it was impossible to prepare the man's defence in
time for the present Sessions. The case was accordingly postponed.
