IN SEARCH OF A BROTHER.

A SINGULAR story was told in a prosecution at the London Sessions held
at Newington. Of late, it would appear, fortune has smiled upon Mr.
William Ernest Rennless, jobmaster, of Warmley, near Bristol, and
remembering that in the days when he was not so well off he had a
brother “somewhere in London," he decided to journey to the metropolis
and endeavour to find him. From a friend he heard his brother was a
barman, and "was employed at a public-house near the Round House,
Vauxhall.” Many a public-house bar did Mr. Rennless search, but all to
no purpose. Tired and weary, the man entered a house near
Vauxhall-cross, and the desire for companionship and a sympathizing
friend induced Mr. Rennless to communicate the object of his visit to a
stranger in the bar. Over many a glass did they mourn the loss of the
brother, and whilst Mr. Rennless replenished the glasses the stranger
aforesaid begged to be excused for one minute. On his return a few
moments later he offered to assist the Bristolian in a further
investigation, when at that moment un individual entered. Mr. Rennless
in the newcomer fancied he saw a faint resemblance in features to the
long-lost brother. Presently Mr. Rennless was observed shaking the
newcomer vigorously by the hand, and announcing him to the whole company
as the long-forgotten relative. To celebrate such an auspicious occasion
of course more corks were drawn. Subsequently Mr. Rennless's "brother”
and his friend volunteered to see the opulent Bristolian to his hotel.
The way seemed long—through a lot of dark courts and alleys, but his
surprise gave way to downright astonishment when he found himself
suddenly thrown to the ground and his pockets rifled of watch, chain,
and money. The constable on the beat escorted him to the station, when
Detective-sergeant Brogden was able to get from him a description of the
assailants. Two men, named Glover (the long-lost “brother”) and
Delourney, were arrested, and when before Mr. Rennless he seemed unable
to identify them; but Sergeant' Brogden, after the accused had been
placed in the cells, arranged that the gaoler should look him in the
adjoining apartment, where he overheard a conversation between the men
which led to their being indicted for the assault and robbery. Glover
was discharged, but Delourney was sentenced, to three months' hard
labour. None of the property was recovered.
