THE WIDOW AND THE AMERICAN.

AT the Westminster Police-court, Elizabeth Thwaites, rather
stylishly-dressed, described as a widow, was placed in the dock, on
remand before Mr. De Rutzen, charged with stealing a chamois-leather
purse, containing £7 10s from Mr. George Harold Marsh, a mining agent
and engineer, of New York, and 22, Basinghall-street, London. Mr. Rymer
defended. The story of the prosecutor was that on the night of the 23rd
ult. He met the prisoner in the neighbourhood of Victoria Station. She
told him that she was a widow lady with her own house on the Embankment,
and ultimately he escorted her home to Grosvenor-road, Pimlico. Prior to
this they had refreshments together at a restaurant. At the house in
Grosvenor-road Mr. Marsh said the prisoner accompanied him to a room
upstairs, and there left him, saying that she would shortly return.
Finding that she did not do so he examined his clothing and discovered
that his purse, which he had seen but a short time before—when he gave
the woman a sovereign—was missing. He proceeded to a parlour downstairs,
and was there hustled by two young men, who said that if he did not go
out quickly he would get the worst of it. They put their hands on him,
and then he struck out and pushed his fist through the window. The
shouting and other noise attracted the attention of a policeman, who
entered the house, and took prisoner in charge at his direction. It was
suggested in cross-examination that prisoner sent for the policeman
herself in consequence of the damage done, and the defence set up that
the prosecutor called at the house to see a lodger, and was merely shown
upstairs and left by prisoner, was supported by her two male friends
before referred to. They described themselves as clerks—one admitted
passing by different names, and the other said he had no employment—and
swore that they played cards in the kitchen all the evening with Mrs.
Thwaites, that she was practically never out of their sight at any
period of the night and that it was therefore impossible to have met the
prosecutor at Victoria Station—a mile and a half away. Mrs. Braham, the
female searcher at Rochester-row (Westminster) Police-station, deposed
that when the prisoner was brought there to be charged, she volunteered,
as an explanation of being but partially dressed the statement that she
had only just got out of bed. She also said that she had been out that
evening to Sloane-square. An additional witness was called to prove that
the accused was at home at ten o’clock on the night in question, but the
magistrate questioned her, and she could not say what day of the week it
was. She was not sure whether it was Wednesday, Thursday, or Friday. Mr.
De Rutzen committed the prisoner for trial, offering to take good bail.

_______________________

CHARGE AGAINST A SECRETARY.

JOHN MORRIS COWEN, secretary of the English Crown Spelter Company’s
London Branch was charged, on remand, at the Mansion House, with
embezzling large sums of money. The alleged facts of the case have been
reported. The company’s works are at Swansea. The prisoner had been for
some years in the employ of the company, and was transferred to London
in consequence of the great confidence reposed in him. Mr. Pontifex, the
chairman, said the prisoner was practically the manager. It was the
custom of the company to make all sales through Messrs. Rogers and Co.,
metal brokers, who advanced money as it was required for the London
agency as against the sales effected, and at the end of the month the
accounts were balanced in the usual way. It was alleged that the
prisoner obtained considerable sums from Messrs. Rogers and Co. upon the
representation that the cheques were for the payment of accounts due.
Mr. Wontner said he should now have to charge the prisoner with
conspiring with Edwin Fox, who had absconded, and against whom a warrant
had been issued. Fox carried on business as Fox and Sons, metal brokers,
and in 1890 they entered into a contract to supply the company with
fifteen tons of zinc shavings. Only five tons were delivered, and at the
end of the year Mr. Fox was indebted to the company to the extent of
over £100. The prisoner, however, had during the year obtained from
Messrs. Rogers and Co. seven or eight cheques, not one of which was less
that £100, in payment of invoices which he produced from Messrs. Fox.
These cheques were all paid into the banking account of Messrs. Fox but
they never appeared in the books of the company, and were in no way
accounted for. It would also appear that small cheques were given to the
prisoner by Messrs. Fox and Co., drawn upon their own banking account.
In this way, also, it was alleged that the company had been defrauded to
a large extent. He should also prefer other charges of fraud and
embezzlement against the prisoner. The case was again adjourned after
evidence had been adduced.
