EXTRAORDINARY DEATH OF A POLICE CONSTABLE.

MR. JOHN TROUTBECK, the coroner for Westminster, held an inquiry into
the circumstances attending the death of Police-constable Joseph
Daniels, 259 E, aged twenty-seven years, who was killed early on Sunday
morning while taking a prisoner to Bow-street Police-station.
Superintendent Steggles, of the E division, was present. Joseph Daniels,
a registration agent, of 9, Meeting-House-lane, Peckham, identified the
deceased as his son, lately residing at Jubilee-buildings,
Waterloo-road. Sometime ago he had erysipelas and the divisional surgeon
ordered him to have some of his teeth extracted and replaced by false
ones. These he was wearing at the time of his death. Police-constable
Alfred Smith, 379 E, said that on Sunday morning at about 12.20 he was
in Kemble-street, Clare-market, taking a prisoner to Bow-street
Police-station. A crowd of several hundred persons had assembled, and an
attempt to rescue the man was made. Witness blew his whistle, and in
response the deceased came running up. He took hold of the prisoner’s
other arm, and they had only proceeded a few yards, when witnessed
missed the deceased, and on looking round saw him lying on the pavement.
Another constable came up, and witness went on his way. Police-constable
William Stewart, 350 E, said that he was on duty in New-castle-street,
when he heard the whistle blow, and ongoing to Kemble street, saw the
two constables with a man in custody. Witness broke through the crowd,
and then saw the deceased lying on the ground. He immediately undid his
collar and sent for an ambulance, on which he conveyed the unfortunate
man to the hospital. By the Coroner: The deceased was not knocked down,
kicked, or otherwise assaulted. Dr. Eric Law Pritchard house physician
at King’s College Hospital, said that deceased was dead when admitted.
He had made a post-mortem examination, which revealed that he deceased
was an exceedingly healthy man. Just about the larynx witness found a set
of false teeth impacted, which had produced suffocation, the cause of
death. The teeth were of very inferior make; no doubt they became
loosened through the deceased running, and an inspiration drew them down
his throat. The jury returned a verdict of accidental death, and added
that they thought deceased was over anxious to do his duty.
