THE "ROAD TO RUIN."

JOHN JAMES GARDNER, of 21, Newington-green-road, Stoke Newington, was
charged before Sir John Bridge, at Bow-street, with fraud, indecent
assault, and conspiracy. The specific allegations were that the prisoner
conspired with Louis Leon Goldstein, otherwise Harry Roberts, to obtain
by fraud £21 and other sums from Lily Holton, in 1889 and 1800, and also
indecently assaulting her. Mr. Lewis said that he appeared to prosecute
on behalf of Mr. Labouchere, the proprietor of Truth. The prisoner was
charged with indecent assault and conspiracy with a man named Goldstein,
alias Harry Roberts, to fleece servant girls of their money. On the 10th
of December, 1891, an article was published in Truth, called “The
Stamford-street, Road to Ruin," charging the prisoner with carrying on
an abdominal traffic in Stamford-street under the guise of a school for
preparing girls for the stage and music-halls. Roberts brought an action
for libel against Mr. Labouchere, which was dismissed on the ground that
the statements were true. Prisoner brought a criminal action, which was
dismissed by the Lord Mayor, which stated that the statements in Truth
were true, and were published for the public benefit. Both men then
absconded, and Goldstein had not since been discovered. Mr. Lewis
trusted that the magistrate would be satisfied that the prisoner and
Goldstein carried on a disgraceful traffic, and that Mr. Labouchere had
done a public service in bringing them to justice. Inspector Henry
Marshall, of the E Division, said he received warrants for the arrest of
the prisoner and of Goldstein on March 7th. He found that the house 165,
Stamford-street, at which Goldstein had carried on business as Roberts,
was shut up, and that he had absconded. He found that the prisoner had
also left his lodgings and absconded. He was unable to trace him until
that morning, when at half-past seven he found him at 21,
Newington-green-road, Stoke Newington. He saw him receive a letter from
a postman at the door. He said to him, "I am Inspector Marshall and
hold a warrant for your arrest. believe your name is J. Gardner." He
said, "Yes." Witness entered a room in which he had been sleeping, and
read the warrant to him in the presence of Sergeant Partridge. He said,
"I deny having committed any fraud with Goldstein. I was simply his paid
servant." Upon reading the warrant charging him with indecent assault,
he said, "I deny having assaulted the girl. What I have done in the
matter has been as a servant to Roberts and under his instructions."
Witness said, "What about the action against Labouchere; you took an
active part in that?" He said, "I was goaded on to that by Roberts and
by a solicitor. I signed papers without reading them.” Prisoner, who
said he had nothing to say, was remanded.

AN EXTRAORDINARY SUICIDE

MARIE LALOIS, the seventeen-year-old daughter of a retired colonel in
the French army, has committed suicide at Algiers, under the most
extraordinary circumstances. She had for some time been engaged to a
young man of excellent family, named Eugene Lafont, and they quarrelled.
On Friday night the girl, after returning from a dance, chatted with her
father for a while, insisting upon filling his pipe, and then kissing
him good night, asked him, apparently in a jesting way, how he thought
he could get along without her. The colonel made some affectionate
reply. She then said, “Well, you had better make up your mind; you may
soon have to do so;" and then blowing a kiss to her father—which the
latter responded to with a playful shake of his finger—the young girl
retired to her room. She was never seen alive
again. It is assumed that she undressed herself, put on her nightdress,
and then deliberately cut up the sheets, making them into a kind of
rope. She then attached one end of the improvised rope to the balcony,
and formed the other into a noose which she tightened round her neck.
She must then have thrown herself out of the window. Next morning, at an
early hour, some passers-by were horrified to notice the body of the
young girl, attired in nothing but a thin nightdress, dangling between
the first and second storeys in front of the house. They
immediately gave the alarm. The body was cut down in the presence of the father, whose
wild grief evoked expressions of the deepest sympathy. The medical men
who were called in express the belief that the body must have been
hanging from the window for at least five hours before it was
discovered.
