SCOTCH BANK ROBBERY.

IMPORTANT CAPTURE IN PARIS.

ON February, 16th, 1891, a young apprentice messenger was on his daily
collecting rounds. In the course of business, he went to the Scotch Bank
to collect some money due on a bill. He passed his order over to the
cashier, and placed his leather wallet containing £11,580 in Bank of
England notes on the counter. While he was waiting for the cashier to
"clear" the bill, a man touched him on the shoulder and pointing to a
piece of paper on the ground said "Excuse me, sir, but I think you have.
dropped something." The youth stooped down to pick up the piece of
paper, and while his eye was off the wallet someone, who was evidently
on the watch," snatched up the parcel and hurried it away from the bank.
The event created great excitement at the time, and although Inspector
Outram, of the City, Police, succeeded in tracing one of the notes to
Genoa, nothing more was heard of the missing property until Tuesday.
Inspector Outram always said that if a sufficient time was allowed to
lapse an attempt would be made to pass the notes. In consequence of this
belief Mr. Outram has periodically sent to every money-changer
throughout the world a circular bearing the number of the stolen notes.

On Tuesday last a man, who gave the name of Eckle, presented at a money
changer's office in Paris an English banknote for £1,000, which the
clerk ascertained from its number to be one of those stolen from the
Scotch Bank in London on February 16th 1891. The man, who was at once
arrested, stated that he was sixty-three years of age, was of Alsatian
origin, and had lived in London for the last ten years. He is believed
by the police to be in relation with the well-known "International"
gang, the members of which make it their business to dispose of stolen
notes and securities.

It appears he came to England about fourteen years ago. His residence
and business address is 6, Canton street, Poplar, E. His trade was
supposed to be that of a yeast and chemical merchant. The capture is
considered by the police to be a most important one.

__________________________

THE MISSING WORD COMPETITIONS. —Mr. Pearson announces that all embargo
upon outstanding missing word cheques has been withdrawn by the
authorities, and that any cheque which is presented through a banker
will be promptly honoured.

FOUR AT A BIRTH. —On Monday the wife of a work man at Sittingbourne gave
birth to four children—three girls and a boy—who lived twenty-four
hours, and died on Tuesday. The parents, who have not long beer married,
before the infants died had five children, all of them being born in a
year. The medical attendant (Dr. F. Grayling, of Sittingbourne) has
communicated with her Majesty with a view of obtaining the Royal bounty.
