STRANGE CONDUCT IN A CHURCH.

AT the Mansion House Ernest, Eldridge, a powerful-looking man, was
charged with being a wandering lunatic. Sergeant Ballard stated that at
about nine o'clock on Thursday night he was called to St. Benet's
Church, Queen Victoria-street, where he found the prisoner lying in one
of the pews. He appeared to be asleep. Witness asked him what he was
doing there, and he replied, “This church is my own. The Church is much
higher than the law, and as you merely represent the law you. have no
right to interfere with me.” He refused to get up or to go away, and
witness then took hold of him to raise him up. Prisoner upon this became
extremely violent, and kicked witness in the stomach and struck him in
face. He was more like a madman than anything else. Three other
constables came to witness's assistance before the prisoner could be
overpowered and secured Arrived at the station, the inspector thought it
advisable to order his removal to the Bow Infirmary. There he repeated
his violence. The doctor, however, said he was not insane, but that he
was suffering from the effects of excessive drinking. Prisoner had with
him in the pew a bundle, in which were a number of pieces of glass, and
he had in his possession a good discharge, dated the 13th inst., from a
ship on board which he had served as a sailor. Prisoner said he was very
cold on Thursday, and entered the church to have a sleep. The alderman
cautioned the prisoner and discharged him.

________________________

INHUMAN TREATMENT OF A CHILD. —Dr. Macdonald, coroner for North-east
Middlesex, on Saturday had reported to him the death of William Watson,
aged two months, the son of a carpenter, living at Morley Avenue, Wood
Green. It appears that the mother of the deceased died soon after the
child's birth, and the baby was then put out to nurse. The father,
however, neglected to pay the sum he had agreed to for the child's
support, and the nurse threatened that unless he did so she would leave
the child at his house. This threat was carried into execution, and the
poor little thing, it is said, was left by the father lying in the
passage for three hours in the middle of the night. The Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Children hearing of the case, called in Dr.
Maclaclin, of Alexandra-road, but death took place shortly afterwards. A
post mortem examination has been ordered, and an inquest will be held in
due course.

YOUNG THIEVES. —John Fitzgibbon, eighteen, and Albert Knight, seventeen,
pleaded guilty, at the Middlesex County Sessions, to stealing 68Ib.
weight of lead, value 10s., the property of George German, Willesden.
The prisoners were seen on the night of January 13th in Kilburn,
carrying a sack containing a sack containing lead, which was afterwards
found to have been pulled down from some new buildings in the
neighbourhood. Mr. Halkett prosecuted, and a previous conviction was
proved against Knight. Detective Langford gave both the prisoners a bad
character. They were continually hanging about the neighbourhood
committing petty thefts, and when Knight was caught on the last occasion
Fitzgibbon was with him, but escaped. Knight was sentenced to nine
months' hard labour, but Fitzgibbon, as a first offender, was remanded
in order that Mr. Wheatley, of St. Giles's Christian Mission, might be
written to with a view to his reclamation.
