SADLY NEGLECTED CHILDREN.

HENRY HOWE, who called himself a jobbing carpenter and furniture porter,
with no fixed abode, was charged at the Westminster Police-court with
cruelty and neglect to his three children, aged respectively six, eight,
and ten. On the 1st inst. a constable saw the prisoner begging at
public-houses with three wretchedly-clad little girls, and heard him use
very bad language to them. The children were in a fearfully neglected
state, an after prisoner was arrested inquiries were made, which
resulted in the present prosecution. It was given in evidence that in
February last the family occupied an underground stone floor kitchen in
Kennington-lane, and that from there the mother of the girls (prisoner’s
wife) was removed to the workhouse infirmary, dying from consumption.
Agnes Thompson, wife of a gas works foreman, deposed that she was a
lodger in the same house, and that both before and after the removal of
the mother the children were half-starved and filthy. Witness had heard
the poor woman groaning and the children crying, but she could only help
them to a limited extent. She had given the little girls food, and had
known them make their way to the top of the house to beg for bread. One
night, after the mother’s death, witness went for a policeman, as the
children were huddled together on the stones without fire, light, food,
covering, or furniture. The only thing in the room was a tin pail. There
were four panes of glass out of the windows, and it was freezing hard
and snowing heavily. Prisoner’s practice was to come home drunk between
twelve and one in the morning. He went out about ten in the day, and did
not trouble about the children at all. Police-constable 122 L fully
corroborated the foregoing evidence as to the condition of the children
and room. He found the little girls clothed only in rage, and took them
to the workhouse. The very day after the children had been cleansed and
looked after in the workhouse the prisoner took them out, though he had
no home or habitation, and that from that time forth and till lately he
had been with his family in and out of various workhouses, sending the
little ones out to beg in the daytime and taking the money they
obtained. Three months’ hard labour. The children were taken care of by
an official from the Flower Girls’ Mission.
