THE ALLEGED MANSLAUGHTER IN THE WEST-END.

THOMAS MURRAY, twenty, labourer, Poland-street, Oxford-street, and
Michael Murray, twenty-seven, labourer, Rupert-street, Haymarket, were
charged, on remand, before Mr. Newton, at Marlborough-street
Police-court, with having been concerned with others not in custody in
causing the death of Joseph Webb. Mr. Bodkin, barrister, prosecuted on
behalf of the Treasury; and Mr. W. Holloway, solicitor, defended Thomas
Murray. It appeared from the evidence which had been reported that on
the evening of the 1st of August several boys and girls were dancing to
an organ in Broad-street, Golden-square. The pavement was blocked by
them. The deceased and his wife wished to pass by, and finding
difficulty in doing so, the former exclaimed, "You might make room to
pass." Thereupon some persons attacked the deceased, knocked him down,
and kicked him. He was taken to the Middlesex Hospital, where it was
discovered that his skull was fractured, the man eventually dying from
meningitis, brought on by the injury to his head. It was alleged that
Thomas Murray was one of the persons who kicked Webb. After Thomas
Murray was arrested Michael Murray went on the 18th of August to the
Marlborough-mews Police station and made a statement to Inspector
Blenkinsopp, of the C Division, which was taken down in writing. It was
to the effect that on the evening in question, while he was in the Star
and Garter, Poland-street, his sister Lizzie came and told him that a
man was hiding his sister Pops. He thereupon left the bar and went and
spoke to his sister Pops in Broad-street. While speaking to her he
received a blow from a man he did not know, which knocked him down. He
got up and struck the man, and knocked him down on the pavement. The man
got up again, they had another round, and he (Michael Murray) knocked
him down the second time, and fell with him. The man did not get up
again, but remained unconscious. Murray returned to the Star and Garter.
Mr. Holloway, in defence, urged that there was no case against his
client, but Mr. Newton took a different view of the matter, and
committed both the prisoners for trial.
