CHARGES AT MARLBOROUGH STREET.

LOUISA GILLESPIE, an actress, was charged with being drunk and riotous
in Bear-street, on Thursday evening. She promenaded, shouting and making
some unearthly noises as she went along. Then she tripped and fell, and
her nose coming in contact with the pavement, blood flowed freely. When
at the station a surgeon was sent for to attend to the injuries; and in
the morning, saying that "such a thing had never happened to her
before," she was leniently dealt with with, and let off with the payment
of 5s., including the doctor's fee.

Annie Price, shortly before twelve on Thursday night, showed signs of
combativeness, and when a woman whom she regarded as a rival confronted
her, a set-two followed, and they scratched each other furiously until a
constable appeared and separated them. The rival retired, but the
prisoner, not having had satisfaction, made for her again, and another
combat ensued, and again they were pulled apart. The other woman then
took to her heels, but as the prisoner remained and challenged the
authority of the constable to remove her, she was very soon ushered
within the walls of the police station. She was fined 10s. or seven days
in default.

"Something flew into my head all at once, and then I went gidddy," was
the defence offered by Robert Knight, an old cabman, who was charged
with being drunk whilst in charge of his horse and hansom in the
Haymarket on Thursday night. He was so far gone as to drive on the wrong
side of the road, and for that and his insobriety he was fined 20s.

William Padgham, another hansom driver, who was also charged with being
drunk at midnight on Thursday, pleaded the awkwardness of his horse and
his surprise that a constable should have been so uncharitable as to
take him to the station, although he assured the magistrate that he had
only a drop or two and went away as quietly as a lamb. The same fine was
imposed.

Thomas Braid was also fined 5s. for being unsteady in his gait when off
the box of his hansom in Piccadilly at half-past twelve on Friday
morning. As an excuse he said that he had not had anything to drink for
a long time, when, unfortunately for him, a fare gave him a couple of
glasses of whisky, and then his legs seemed to overlap each other.

"I was drunk, I know, but it was the first time during twenty years,"
said William Winhurst, who was inebriated when with his cab in
Piccadilly-circus at twenty minutes to eleven the other night, and a 5s,
fine had to be paid.

James Wight pleaded guilty to being drunk while in charge of a hansom in
Piccadilly at eleven o'clock at night, and in this case Mr. Newton said
that if he was brought before him again under similar circumstances his
licence would very likely be cancelled. He was ordered to pay 20s. or go
to prison for fourteen days.

Thomas Jacques, a labourer, was charged with being disorderly in
Whitfield-street the other night, with refusing to quit the Lamb Tavern
when ordered to do go, and with assaulting Mr. Max Meyers, the landlord,
Ann Alfred Foakes, his potman, by biting their hands. Prisoner was very
noisy and quarrelsome, and on the landlord telling him that he was like
an old woman he became exceedingly abusive, and was ordered to leave the
bar. He refused, and when physical force had to be used he threw himself
down and fixed his teeth into the hands of the complainants. He was
fined twenty shillings for each assault, or be imprisoned for a month.
