BREACH OF PROMISE BY A MARRIED MAN.

AT the London Sheriff’s Court, on Friday, before Mr. Under-Sheriff
Burchell and a jury, the case of “Ridge v. Tasker,” an action for breach
of promise of marriage, remitted from the High Court, was held for the
assessment of damages. The plaintiff was Miss Mary Ridge, otherwise
Costin, a single woman, of 8, Leighton-road, Kentish Town, and the
defendant, who is a builder’s manager, resides at 107, Crompton-road,
Penge. Mr. F. T. Duke, for the plaintiff, characterized the case as one
of the most heartless heard in a court of justice. The parties met in
1889, and a promise of marriage was accepted, but unfortunately the
defendant was a married man. In 1892, after a courtship of some years,
the defendant actually obtained the consent of plaintiff’s mother and
father to the marriage, and said that he would put up the banns. A
number of letters, all of an affectionate description, passed between
the parties until in October of last year came a letter in which the
defendant said that it was only too true that for the last three years
he had been married. “You may not believe it,” the letter ran, “but it
is true. I have behaved in the cruelest possible manner to you. I have
struggled year by year to be close to you, but then the address you
wrote to me at was not my own. I have done you a life-long injury, but
not criminally, thank God.” Under such cruel circumstances the learned
counsel asked for substantial damages. The plaintiff, a young,
prepossessing lady, corroborated the opening of counsel. She was a
dressmaker in the employ of a Court milliner, and at the time of the
engagement was twenty-one years of age. Defendant passed as a single
man, and in 1892 bought a wedding ring. When expecting to hear of the
banns being published she heard that he was a married man. During the
courtship plaintiff had on more than one occasion given up her business
in order to marry the defendant, but he had always put off the wedding.
He had given her many presents. The defendant had met her on Monday,
Tuesday, and Thursday evenings, and spent all Sunday with her. On one
occasion the defendant told her that his father allowed him an income of
£300 a-year. The learned under-sheriff having said that the case was a
very cruel one, the jury assessed the damages at £200.
