STRANGE CONFESSION OF MURDER.

A MAN named Walter Hassell, who described himself as a clerk, has been
charged, at the Bow-street Police-court, before Mr. Vaughan, on his own
confession, with the murder of a private in the King's. Royal Rifle
Corps, named Downey. Detective-inspector Conquest said that, in company
with Sergeant Nash, he saw the prisoner that morning on his release from
Millbank Prison, and said to him, “We are police officers, and are going
to arrest you in consequence of a statement you have made.” After
receiving the usual caution, he adhered to what he had stated. In his
confession he described himself as a late private of the 4th Battalion
King's Royal Rifle Corps, and now of the first-class Army Reserve. He
stated that early in March, 1888, when stationed at Camp Umballa, India,
he murdered Private Downey by cutting his throat with a razor. It was
about a quarter to ten p.m., after tattoo. Having obtained permission to
go to the Latrine the prisoner went and secreted himself behind some
trees on the main road leading to the military gymnasium, knowing that
Lance-corporal Bacon, against whom he had a spite, would pass that way.
The prisoner took with him a large stick and a razor. Whilst in hiding a
soldier came along, and the prisoner rushed out on him and knocked him
down with the stick. He then drew the razor across his throat. After
committing the deed, the prisoner went back to camp, first hiding the
razor in a hollow tree. Shortly after his return the prisoner learned
that Private Downey had been found on the main road with his throat cut.
It was believed that some natives had committed the murder. As he had no
ill-feeling against the murdered man no one suspected the prisoner of
the deed, and of course he kept quiet. In March, 1889, he left the army
with a very indifferent character, in consequence of which he had been
unable to obtain employment. The terrible deed he had committed
continually preyed upon his mind, and he had several times thought of
giving himself up to justice, but he had not the courage to do so. A
short time ago he was committed to Millbank for twenty-one days for
wilful damage. Whilst there he made the above confession, which was
witnessed and read over to him by Chief-inspector Conquest. The
confession was signed Walter Hassall, alias George Harris. The accused
was remanded for inquiries to be made.
