EXEMPLARY SENTENCE ON A CARSHARPER.

A POWERFULLY-BUILT man, named Thomas Hurd, a commission agent, who
refused his address, was charged, at Marylebone Police-court, on
Saturday, with being concerned, with others, in obtaining 10s, by means
of a trick from Frank Bliss, a medical student, of 29, Paddington-green.
He was further charged with attempting to obtain £5 by a trick. Mr.
Bliss was a passenger by train to West Drayton, on the Great Western
Railway. Several persons were in the carriage with the prosecutor,
including the prisoner and his confederates. One man pulled out three
cards from his pocket soon after the train started, and tried to get
prisoner to bet as to which of the cards was the picture card. The
confederates betted, and what appeared to be a £5 note changed hands.
The prosecutor then betted with 10s. and lost. They wanted him to bet
again, but he said he had no more money. The prisoner leaned forward and
confidentially offered to lend the prosecutor £2, accepting his word of
honour to repay it. The offer was accepted, but the player of the cards
would only accept a bet of £5, and the prisoner offered to lend the
prosecutor that amount. The prisoner passed him what appeared to be a £5
note folded up, and the prosecutor handed it to the player of the cards.
The cards were shuffled and the prosecutor lost the bet. He asked the
prisoner for his name and address, but the latter preferred to meet him
personally. Before alighting at West Drayton an arrangement was made
that the prisoner was to call on the prosecutor return to London, and as
the result of his communicating with the police, Detectives Dyson and
Neighbour, F, went to the prosecutor’s house. The prisoner called, as
arranged, but before he rang the doorbell the officer saw that the
prisoner was in the company of a man known as “Snowy,” a celebrated and
well-known cardsharper and racecourse welsher. The prisoner was admitted
to the house, had a glass of wine, and got into conversation. When the
prosecutor remarked that he would go to another room and get the money,
the prisoner said he would wait outside, as a friend of his was waiting
for him. Sergeant Dyson then entered the room, and said, “Perhaps I am
the friend you are looking for,” and took him into custody, and he made
no reply. Neighbour arrested the other man, who was said to have just
previously swindled a man of £3 in the Load of Hay, Praed-street, but
that charge was dismissed. The prisoner, who had been convicted, pleaded
guilty. Mr. Hopkins described the prisoner as a despicable being in the
shape of a man, and sentenced him to six months’ hard labour.
