A WIDOW AND AN EX-POLICEMAN.

AT the Marylebone Police court Mr. Cooke had before him curious equable
between two elderly lovers. The defendant was Elenry Price, an
ex-policeman, living at 9, Chippenham-gardens, Kilburn, and the
complainant Fanny Shepherd, a widow, living at 5, Ernest-street;
Notting-hill-gate, who complained of having been assaulted. Mr. Ricketts,
solicitor, was for the complainant, and Mr. Clay, solicitor, defended.
The parties met in the summer of last year while visiting friends living
in Buckinghamshire. They became friendly, and in the course a proposal
of-marriage was made and accepted. In Catcher they returned to London,
and it was arranged that Price should occupy a room in-Mrs. Shepherd's
house until the wedding, be paying a rental of 5s. a week. Price fell
ill, and in consequence of that and other things "the lady broke off the
engagement. Then she got rid of him out of the house, he owing her the
rent of the room. Since then he had annoyed her and had said he would
blow her brains out. By an arrangement they met on the 18th inst. at the
Chippenham Hotel, Shirland-road, where Price was to have returned to the
lady her photograph and other love tokens. At that interview he called
her opprobrious names, and openly accused her of being an unvirtuous
woman. She repudiated the assertion, and then he suggested that they
should adjourn to the Salvation Army barracks at Kilburn, where she was
to make a declaration—take on oath—that she was a woman of chastity.
That was done, and on leaving the Salvation Army they adjourned to a
public house, where he treated her to come brandy. After leaving there
he called her "everything." He suggested a walk, and she went with him.
When they reached a secluded spot he knocked her down, treated her
shamefully, and kicked her on the leg. She got up, cried, and made for
an omnibus, but he dragged her back, used terrible language, and knocked
her down backwards in front of the people. She was now going in fear of
him, for he had said he would murder her. She was with him that day from
two p.m. to half past ten p.m. Cross-examined: It was true she drank
whiskey with him six days after the assault. She knocked his pipe out of
his mouth because he called her out of her name, and for the same reason
she knocked his hat off and jumped on it. Mrs. Mullins, of 135,
Carlton-vale, corroborated the complainant as to the assault. Mr. Clay,
for the defence, said a difference arose between the parties as to the
settlement of their respective incomes. It was her suggestion that they
should go to the Salvation Army and make a disclaimer. In the
public-house she made a rush at the prisoner, and he simply put up his
arm to keep her off, and she went down. The defendant left the police
force with a pension and good character in 1877, after seventeen years'
service, since which time he had been a bank messenger for thirteen
years, and when he left was presented with a watch. A witness having
been called for the defence, Mr. Cooke told the defendant he had behaved
disgracefully, and ordered him to find two sureties in £25 each for
three months, or, in the alternative, to go to prison for two months.
The sureties were not forthcoming, and the defendant was removed to
prison.
