ALLEGED MURDER AT WESTMINSTER.

[SUBJECT OF ILLUSTRATION.]

AT the Westminster Police-court, before Mr. De Rutzen, Henry George
Whittenbury, landlord of The Duke of Clarence, Westminster,
Horseferry-road, was placed in the dock to answer a charge taken on the
morning of the 11th ult. of attempting to murder George Matthews, a
potman, by cutting his throat. The injured man died on Sunday night in
the hospital, but the form of the charge remained unaltered, in the
absence of any testimony as to how far the injury—not in itself
mortal—was responsible for death.

Mr. Duerdin Dutton appeared for the accused—a comparatively young
man—who was brought from the workhouse infirmary looking very ill. He
shook violently in the dock, though seated during the brief examination.

It was stated last week that the accused was seized with delirium
tremens. At any rate, his brother, who is a licensed victualler, deputed
his own potman, the deceased, to go and look after matters at
Horse-ferry-road. Everything went on quietly till after the house was
closed last Wednesday night. At that time the accused was in his own
apartment passive enough. Matthews went to bed in a communicating room,
and he has since stated that at two o'clock he awoke to find the
prisoner, with a horrible glare in his eyes, attempting to cut his
throat. A desperate struggle took place, in the course of which Matthews
had his throat cut.

Inspector Watson, A Division, deposed: About ten minutes past two on the
morning of the 11th ult. I was in charge of the Rochester-row,
Westminster, police-station. The prisoner was brought in by two
constables, who made statements. The prisoner said, "Inspector, note
this—I was going to bed, and I saw the curtains move and a man in the
bedroom. I made for him with this razor (producing the weapon from his
trousers pocket) and I cut his—head off." The razor was stained with
blood. Shortly afterwards the injured man was brought to the station by
Police-constable Samuels. Matthews had his neck bandaged up, and,
pointing to the prisoner, he said, "That man has cut my throat. It is
not very much, and I shall not charge him." Whilst the charge was being
entered Matthews again said that he did not wish to prefer it. The
injured man was removed to the West London Hospital, and he died there
last Sunday night.

Mr. Dutton: Since the 11th has the accused been very ill?"

Witness: Yes; he has been in the infirmary.

Mr. Dutton: And this morning, whilst waiting to be brought before the
magistrate, has he had a fit?

The Witness: He has.

Mr. Dutton: And has it come to your knowledge that previous to the
morning on which this shocking occurrence took place he has had several
epileptic fits?

The Inspector: I have not been told so, and I have no knowledge that
such is the case.

Mr. Dutton said that of course he could urge nothing against a remand.
It had been stated that the accused was suffering from delirium tremens
through drink, but he (Mr. Dutton) was instructed that his ailment was
epilepsy. It would be proved by medical evidence that prisoner had had a
succession of severe epileptic fits.

The prisoner was remanded till after the inquest, and on account of his
condition was taken to Holloway Prison in a cab.
