ARREST OF DE COBAIN.

MR. E. S. W. DE COBAIN, ex-member of Parliament for East Belfast, was
arrested on Friday night at his residence, Hampton House, Ormean-road,
Belfast. About two years have elapsed since Mr. De Cobain left this
country. The police for a long time made every effort to arrest him, but
without success until Friday night, when two detectives succeeded in
doing so. It is rumoured that he has been in Belfast for close upon a
fortnight. Mr. De Cobain was originally a clerk to the Belfast Harbour
Board, and afterwards was appointed cashier to the corporation. While
there he became grand master of the Belfast Orangemen and wielded for a
time a good deal of influence in political circles. At length he
succeeded in getting returned for the East Division, for which he sat
for several years. Serious immoral charges were made against him and he
left for the continent. After a long absence he was expelled from the
House of Commons.

The prisoner was brought up on Saturday at the Belfast Police-court. He
entered from the Summons, Court, and seated himself on one of the
benches reserved for witnesses, but on his name being called took up his
position in the dock, where he was accommodated with a seat. He looked
pale but somewhat stouter than when last seen in Belfast. When the case
was called the court, which was crowded with professional gentlemen,
police officers, and the general public, was ordered to be cleared. Head
Constable Hussey, of the Belfast detective force, deposed to arresting,
the prisoner on charges contained in the warrant produced. When arrested
the accused said, I have been out of jurisdiction. I have been in New
York. I have been here some time. Were you aware of that in consequence
of the shortness of the time witness had not been able to produce
witnesses, but if a remand was granted he believed he would be able to
connect the accused with the crime mentioned in the warrant. The date of
the warrant was April 2nd, 1891 Mr. Harper, solicitor for Mr. De Cobain
(to witness): The place where you arrested the accused was well known as
his residence when he was living in Belfast? Yes; when he was living in
Belfast. Mr. Harper: You know that at the time you received this warrant
he was residing out of Ireland? I am not personally aware that he was. I
did not see him. But you had not seen him in Ireland at that time, nor
since? No. When you arrested him did he suggest that he should be
brought before one of the resident magistrates? No; he suggested that I
should bring him before another gentleman. Mr. Carr: Did you hear the
prisoner state that he had been five weeks in Belfast? No. The accused
was then remanded on bail, but as no satisfactory sureties were
forthcoming he was removed to prison four hours later.
