THE ALLEGED ATTEMPTED MURDER OF A CLERGYMAN.

AT the Lambeth Police-court, on Thursday, before Mr. Biron, Q. C.,
Charles Thomas Ritchie, nine, teen, described as a labourer, of
Rye-dwellings-Peckham-rye, was again charged on remand with feloniously
and maliciously cutting and wounding with intent to murder on December
25th last, Cornelius Martin Ellingham, a retired clergyman, at the
Albany, Albany-road, Camberwell. He was further charged with stealing
from a bedroom, an the same address, property of the value of £15.

The prosecutor, whose head was enveloped it surgical bandages, was now
in attendance. appeared to be very weak and ill, and was accommodated
with a seat. He stated that he was a clerk in holy orders, and occupied
a flat at the Albany, Albany-road. He lived alone. The prisoner was
accustomed to come to his rooms occasionally to do odd jobs. On
Christmas Eve the prisoner came to his rooms between half-past seven and
eight block, and did some odd work, and then sat down reading and
smoking. Witness also sat down and had a pipe, and both he and the
prisoner had some whisky-and-water. About eleven o'clock witness
retired, as he wished to get up early the next morning to go to church.
The prisoner remained in the living-room to finish his pipe. Witness
fell asleep, but at twelve or half-past he was awakened by his teeth
being knocked out. Blood was streaming on the clothes. He saw the
prisoner striking at his head with a poker, and tried to work himself
out of bed on the opposite side to which the prisoner was standing in
order to avoid the blows. He partially succeeded in getting out of bed,
and lay quietly by the side. One of the pokers was broken either by
striking his head or the bed, or his hand—he could not say which. When
the prisoner thought he had given him his quietus he heard the prisoner
go into the kitchen to the water-tap and drink some water. The prisoner
then returned to the bed-room with the kitchen poker, and struck the
witness again on the head. Then finding he (the prosecutor) did not
stir, the prisoner took his (the prosecutor's) waistcoat from the foot
of the bed, together with his gold watch. Witness pulled himself
together and got into the passage and shouted “Police" and "Murder!" The
prisoner then came from the living room, passed witness in the passage,
and left the building. Witness could not make anyone hear, and went back
and wrapped a towel round his head, and remained on the bed until five
o'clock in the morning. He then heard the milkman, and pulled himself
together. He spoke to the milkman, and Dr. Gallie afterwards attended.
He was taken to St. Thomas's Hospital, and was still a patient there.

Mr. Biron (to prisoner): Have you any questions to ask?

Prisoner: Did he give me the coat, or does he accuse me of stealing it?

The prosecutor replied that he accused the prisoner of stealing it. He
did not give the prisoner a blue coat and vest.

The evidence of Detective-sergeant Leonard, which was taken at a
previous hearing, was now read over.

Detective Burgess stated that when in the prisoner's room, at this
court, on Wednesday, December 27th, the prisoner said, "I admit being
there that night. I was drunk. We had been drinking whisky."

Mr. Biron (to prosecutor): This young man was with you for a number of
hours that night?

Prosecutor: About two hours and a half, not more.

And he had some whisky? —He had some whisky-and-water.

Was he sober? —Perfectly sober; as sober as he is now.

Dr. Gallie, divisional surgeon of police, said he was called to the
prosecutor's rooms about a quarter to eight on Christmas morning. The
prosecutor had sustained ten scalp wounds, four of his front teeth had
been knocked out, and there was a contused wound on the upper lip. There
was a long bruise on the centre of the forearm, and over the left
scapula there were a number of bruises all long and narrow. Both
shoulders were covered with bruises. On the outer side of the left thigh
there were a number of bruises, one being a print by the bent poker.
Witness ordered prosecutor's removal to the hospital.

Mr. Biron: Taking them altogether, they were very grave injuries.

Witness: Very grave. The prosecutor was now out of danger.

Upon being cautioned in the usual way the prisoner exclaimed, "I deny
it, Mr. Ellingham gave me the blue coat and vest on Christmas Eve."

Mr. Biron committed the prisoner for trial at the Central Criminal
Court.
