SUICIDE OF A BOY LOVER.

A BOY named Vernon George Crowe, aged fourteen, the son of a commercial
traveller, living at Egremont, has committed suicide under extraordinary
circumstance. It appears that the boy had formed an attachment to a girl
about his own age, and his father had several times reprimanded him
about the matter. The other day, hearing that the lad was again at his
inamorata’s house, he proceeded thither and brought him away in a cab.
Upon reaching home the boy went to his bedroom, and almost immediately
the father heard the report of a firearm. Rushing to his son's room he
found him dead from a terrible bullet wound in the found temple and
grapping in his hand a revolver, one chamber of which had been
discharged.

At the inquest it was stated that the boy was greatly infatuated with
the daughter of Mrs. Yare; he visited her house constantly, and from
time to time stayed very late. On one occasion he did not reach home
till four in the morning, and instead of entering stayed out all night,
in spite of his father’s prohibition. On Wednesday the father, a
commercial traveller, discovered that the lad had not been at the office
at which he was employed, and ongoing to the house at the Yares he found
him there and took him home. The lad immediately ran upstairs to his own
room and shot himself with a revolver. The jury found a verdict of
suicide while temporarily insane, said censured Mrs. Yare for not having
informed Mr. Crowe of his son’s habit of carrying a revolver and also of
his having threatened to take his own life. Several of the jurors also
expressed their opinion that Mrs. Yare was to blame for permitting a boy
like the deceased to stay so late at her house.

______________________

DURING the voyage of the troopship Malabar, which has arrived at
Portsmouth from Kurrachae, eight details occurred on board, including
that of an engineman, who fell headlong into the moving machinery.

FEW people who knew the late Mr. Frank Cooper, the affable and active
man of the world, who was so popular in the West-end, were aware of the
eccentricity that has come out in his will. He is said to have left a
hundred and fifty thousand pounds in cash. Of this sum five thousand was
bequeathed to his valet, and ten thousand to his nephew, on the
condition that he being cremated, his ashes should be solemnly scattered
to the four quarters of heaven.

FATAL POLICE BLUNDER. —An Inquest has been held at Wolverhampton on the
body of an old woman who was found in the suburbs suffering from an
apoplectic fit. She was sent by omnibus, with instructions for the first
policeman met with to take her to the hospital. She was placed in charge
of two policemen, who locked her up for being drunk. A few hours later
she was removed to the hospital, where she died. Medical evidence showed
that she had not been drinking, and the officers were censured for their
conduct.

THREATENING A BARONET. —At Gainsborough, Charles Kershaw has been
committed for trial at Lincoln Assizes for demanding with menaces £500
from Sir Hickman Bacon, Bart, and threatening to murder him. The
prisoner was convicted at the last assizes for a similar offence. He
wrote, accusing the baronet of assaulting a woman and threatened to blow
him up with dynamite and stub his sister unless the sum of £500 was sent
him. The prisoner, while in the dock, repeated the threats.

SHOOTING AFFRAY AT A DANCE. –Belfast papers contain details of a
singular shooting affair. On Tuesday night a dance was given in Scarva,
co. Down, by a man named Greenaway. A crowd collected outside, and to
disperse them it was alleged that two shots were fired by Greenaway and
another man named Minnis. Four men, named Bell, Ryan. Murray, and
Cousins, were wounded by the firing. The police shortly afterwards
arrested Greenaway and Minnis.
