MURDEROUS ASSAULT UPON AN OFFICER.

AT the Central Criminal Court, James Healy twenty-one, a printer,
pleaded guilty to having committed a violent assault on Captain R. Ranke
Hutchinson, the vice-consul for Spain. The prosecutor, a retired
captain, resided alone at 182, Wardour-street, Oxford-street. On the
night of the attack two friends accompanied him home, but left him at
the door. Soon after they had gone there was a knock at the door. The
prosecutor opened it, and the prisoner forced his way into the house and
ran upstairs. The prosecutor, however, succeeded in keeping a second man
out. Ongoing upstairs in search of the prisoner the latter attacked him
with a coal hammer and beat him about the head in a most brutal manner.
Downstairs the prisoner renewed the attack and broke two or three
bottles over his head. The prisoner then escaped through a back window,
but appeared to have fallen through a sky light and injured his head.
When arrested he made serious allegations against the prosecutor and
said that the assault was committed in self defence. Mr. Biron said the
police, at the instance of the Treasury, had made certain inquiries with
regard to the allegations made by the prisoner, and the result was
embodied in a report which had been laid before his lordship. Mr. Burnie
said that if his lordship should be convinced that there was absolutely
no foundation for the statements that circumstance would be a serious
aggravation of an already grave offence. That was why he desired his
lordship to see the report, but as the statements in the report affected
other persons, it would not, of course, be possible to go into them. Mr.
Justice Hawkins said he was not quite sure that such an attempt, if it
occurred, would not have made as near an approach to a plea of
justification as could well be. If the man was simply resisting an
attack upon him he had nothing to do but to prove the fact, and he would
at once have the sympathy of everyone. Mr. Burnie remarked that the
evidence did not go to that extent. It would be hard as against the
prisoner to say that the statement was absolutely without foundation,
but he was precluded from proving it. The learned judge said he was not
trying the prisoner for making false accusations against the prosecutor,
but for the offence of inflicting grievous bodily harm. He had pleaded
guilty to a cruel and murderous assault, and the sentence would be seven
years’ penal servitude.
