FATAL CARRIAGE ACCIDENT.

A CARRIAGE accident, which was attended with fatal results, happened in
Broad-street, the busiest thoroughfare of Reading. Mrs. Pope, an aged
lady, who was on a visit to the town, was driving in an old-fashioned
phaeton, accompanied by her brother, named Mr. Burroughs, and when
apposite, the General Post Office, at in attempting to turn in the
opposite direction, the vehicle swerved, and the aged occupants were
precipitated into the roadway. Unfortunately, the horse was and not
stopped until one of the wheels had passed over Mrs. Pope's head.
Medical aid was at once obtained, but life was found to be extinct. Mr.
Burroughs escaped without his serious injury.

________________________

A HAWKER named John Burton, sixty-four, belonging in to Sheffield, was
arrested on Friday morning in Glasgow me in connection with the death,
at 31, Lyon-street, of Catherine Campbell, or Stewart, with whom he had
lived. The deceased, whom the police allege to be a convict, was found
dead in bed. Her face, wrists, and various parts of her body bore marks
of recent violence, as of kicking. Burton was drunk when arrested.

WE have been favoured with specimen numbers of "Our Babble"—a charming
periodical for children. It is edited by Dr. Barnardo, which voucher for
the interesting nature of its contents. It is most profusely
illustrated. The number under mention contains no less than sixteen
illustrations, beautifully printed in chromolithography, and we can
assure our little friends that there is no magazine in the market more
likely to take their fancy than "Our Bubble," which we wish every
success.

150 FITS IN TWO DAYS. —Dr. King-Houchin, the Deputy-coroner for East
London, held an inquest at the Bow Vestry Hall on the body of Harriett
Webb, aged thirty-three years, lately living at the Institute for
Working Girls, Fairfield-road, Bow. The deceased for some time past
has sold newspapers outside the Bow-road Station. On Friday she was
found unconscious in the street, and was taken home. Between that time
and Sunday she had no fewer than 150 fits. The medical evidence showed
that death was due to exhaustion, following an excess of epileptic fits.
The jury returned a verdict in accordance with the medical evidence.

ANOTHER BOY HERO OF THE THAMES. —While bathing in the Thames near
Cannon-street railway-bridge, F. W. Newman and a boy named Chapman were
carried off their feet, and Newman was drowned. At the inquest on
Wednesday, William Gladstone Strong, a boy of fourteen, said he saw them
struggling in the water, and, without a moment's hesitation, plunged in.
He succeeded in rescuing Chapman, but by the time he had got him ashore
Newman had sunk. The coroner paid Strong a very high compliment, and
said that it transpired that the boy had been the means of saving life
from drowning on previous occasions. He is also the holder of seventeen
first prizes for swimming, and had been styled in the sporting
papers “the wonderful swimming midget of. the city of London," The jury
returned a verdict of an accidental death.
