ASSAULT CASE.

AT the Marlborough-street Police court, on Monday, Herbert Barnett,
London-street, and Thomas Howard, Shoulden-street, labourers, were
charged with wilfully breaking a lamp, a table, chairs, a # of drawers,
a pair of lustres, and a quantity of glass and china, belonging to
Frederick Ellis. They were further charged with assaulting Ellis and his
wife. —Prosecutor said that he occupied the first floor front at a house
in London-street. On Saturday he was a witness in this court against a
man named Miller, and two women, named Ring and Keroiski, who were
charged with stealing £20 from a hair-dresser, of Seaton-street, and on
his returning in the afternoon he found the prisoners had forcibly
entered his apartments, and were smashing his furniture and effects. He
seized Barnett, and struggled with him, and then Howard held his wife,
and a great commotion followed. Barnett was a lodger in the same house,
but Howard was a stranger there. Mrs. Ellis said that after her little
girl had knocked the door of their room Barnett forcibly pushed it open
and struck her (witness), whilst Howard shouted, "Give it her." When her
husband returned from the court he sized Howard, and there was a great
hubbub, and the whole house and neighbourhood became in an uproar. The
damage done was estimated at £3 10s. Barnett said that Ellis came back
drunk, and the damage was done in their struggles. None of it was done
wilfully. Howard said he could not understand what it was about, as he
had accepted an invitation from Barnett to take tea with him, and knew
nothing about the lodgers. Ellis's little daughter said that Barnett
kicked her mother, and then he smashed the lamp and other things with a
piece of iron. Her father arrived after the damage had been done.
Constable 358 D said when he went after the prisoners he found them in a
drunken state in the Tottenham court-road. A witness for Barnett, a
female lodger in the same house, said that when Ellis came home he
struck Barnett, and knocked him down against her door. Then they
struggled together in Ellis's room and the furniture was broken. Other
witnesses spoke against the Ellises. They were noisy people, it was
said, and none of the lodgers could get much rest for them. The
constable said that Ellis himself and everyone in the house had been
drinking. When he entered all the women "flew " downstairs and wanted to
get at Mrs. Ellis. All the things in Ellis's room were broken up, except
the bedstead and bolster, and the damage could not have been caused
merely by a struggle. Mr. Hannay fined the prisoners 40s., and .40s
damage each, or imprisonment for a month.
