THE WIMBLEDON MYSTERY.

ON Thursday the 29th ult., at the Local Board Offices, Wimbledon, Mr. A.
Braxton Hicks held an inquiry with reference to the death of a man
unknown, whose body was found on Monday night in a field off Kingswood
Road with a deep wound in the throat, and a knife by the side of it.

Ernest Lansley, a farrier, of 3, Bendon Terrace, Bendon Road,
Wandsworth, stated that on Monday night he was walking along a path way
by the side of a field at the top of Kingswood Road, when a middle-aged
gentleman called his attention to the deceased, who was lying groaning
in the centre of the field, about thirty yards from the road. There was
a great deal of blood about the man's head, und a butcher's knife was
lying on the ground close by. When the witness arrived the man was
apparently endeavouring to again get hold of the knife, and was
stretching out his hand. towards it. He was bleeding profusely, and the
witness, thinking he would attempt to further. injure himself, picked up
the knife and threw it some distance off. A butcher's boy came up
shortly afterwards, and the witness sent him for the police and a
doctor, but the man died before the latter arrived.

Police-constable Henry Searle, 210 V, said the deceased lived for about
six minutes after he was discovered. There were traces on the ground
showing that the deceased had struggled very much after he received the
wound in the throat, but there was no suspicion of foul play. The
deceased appeared to be a labourer, and no evidence of identification.
was forthcoming. His description had been. circulated as follows: --Age
43 to 45, height. about 5ft 6in, complexion and hair dark, eyes grey,
moustache sandy, no teeth in front of upper jaw, large ulcerated wound
on inside of left leg, scar from carbuncle on right knee; deceased was
wearing a black overcoat with the name "J. W. Gaze, 113, Fleet Street,
London," on the collar, fancy blue vest with black spots, grey mixture
trousers, a brown Cardigan jacket, much worn, and Blucher boots. Two
pence in cash, an empty medicine bottle, and a handkerchief was all the
property found on the body.

Dr. Hargreaves said that death was due to a cut in the throat, extending
from ear to ear, the jugular vein being entirely severed, while the left
carotid artery and the windpipe were almost cut through. Undoubtedly the
wound was self-inflicted.

The jury returned a verdict of "Suicide while temporarily insane."
