J. L. SULLIVAN AND HIS OPPONENTS

THE special train carrying John L. Sullivan and party passed through
Meridian (Mississippi), at full speed on Sunday night, but was brought
up in the shortest possible space of time just outside the town by the
discovery that a sleeper had been placed across the rails. The engine
and tender narrowly escaped destruction. The obstruction was removed,
and the train went cautiously forward till it reached Fuscaloosa. As it
passed out of that city a stone was thrown at the train, which shattered
the first window of the second carriage.

_________________________

THE ALLEGED MURDER IN WESTMINSTER. —DISCHARGE OF THE ACCUSED. —Henry
George Whittenbury, landlord of the Duke of Clarence public-house,
Horseferry-road, was charged, on remand, at Westminster, with cutting
the throat of George Matthews, a potman. The prisoner, while suffering
from delirium tremens, entered the room occupied by Matthews and cut his
throat with a razor. The injured man was removed to the West London
Hospital. He died a few days later, not, as it was proved at the
coroner's inquiry, from his injury, but from delirium tremens. Mr. Angus
Lewis appeared for the Treasury, and stated that the advisability of
proceeding with the charge against the prisoner had been carefully
considered. The authorities did not intend to go on with it, as the
medical evidence clearly showed that the superficial injury which the
prisoner inflicted was neither directly or indirectly responsible for
death. The peculiarity about the case was that both the men suffered
from delirium tremens. Mr. De Rutzen said as the Treasury offered no
evidence all he had to do was to discharge the prisoner.

WILLIAM CONNOR, fifty-eight, was charged, at the Guildhall Police-court,
with stealing and concealing spirits, and John Connor, thirty-three, his
son, and Robert Rundle, thirty-two, with aiding and abetting William
Connor in the said offence. Thomas Phillips, an officer of the Inland
Revenue, said that he went to the Rising Sun public-house, Royal
Mint-street, and asked the elder Connor what spirits he had. He said he
had some in the bar. He showed him some spirits there, and said that he
had no more. Witness went upstairs and found a gallon jar of whisky for
which he had no permit. In a bedroom were three six-gallon jars full of
spirits. In consequence of information witness next went on to the roof,
and saw there spirits running through the gutter. Rundle was there.
Ongoing downstairs and asking the elder Connor where the spirit was
coming from, he said he could not tell. Witness then found a
nine-gallon-jar lying on its side with the cork out. The gutter was full
of spirits. He also found a gallon jar of rum in the bar, and a gallon
jar full of spirits in the kitchen. The prisoners were charged and taken
to the station. Witness seized twenty-six gallons of spirits altogether.
Remanded.
