THE CARRIAGE FATALITY IN HYDE PARK.

AT the Board-room, Ebury Bridge, Pimlico, Mr. J. Troutbeck, the
Westminster coroner, held an inquiry respecting the death of Miss
Patton-Bethune, aged twenty-nine, late of Clayton Priory, Burgess-hill,
whose death took place on Saturday afternoon from injuries she received
by being thrown from a dog-cart whilst driving in Hyde Park on Friday
last Lieutenant William Constance Palaeologus, an officer in the 80th
Kent Yeomanry, stated that shortly after three o'clock he and the
deceased, together with a groom, were driving tandem in a dog-cart.
After passing through St. James's Park they proceeded towards Hyde Park.
On going under the archway near Hyde Park-corner the wheeler bounded,
and this, he thought, startled the leader. They both commenced to gallop
furiously, but all went well until they reached Albert Gate. At this
place there was a considerable amount of traffic on the right side and a
brougham on the left. Witness endeavoured to steer between them, but the
coachman of the brougham pulled in the same direction, and they
collided, and both witness and the deceased were thrown to the ground.
He was partially stunned by the fall, and on recovering consciousness he
saw some bystanders carrying Miss Patton-Bethune away. When the wheeler
first became startled the groom got down to see what was the matter, but
before he could do anything the horses became unmanageable, and the man
was unable to remount. Witness had frequently driven tandem, but he had
never driven the wheeler before. William Henry Cole, a porter, who
witnessed the accident, stated that the dogcart collided with a post on
the near side before it reached the brougham, and the deceased was
thrown up in the air and fell on the ground on her head. Witness picked
her up, and immediately conveyed her to St. George's Hospital. The
medical evidence showed that death was due to concussion of the brain,
and a verdict of accidental death was returned.

______________________________

LADS’ FACTION FIGHTS AT HACKNEY. —At North London Police-court, Henry
Elliott, sixteen, stable boy, of Montague-road, Hackney-wick, and
William Baker, seventeen, glass-blower, of Plover-street, Hackney-wick,
were charged, before Mr. Lane, with disorderly conduct. Inspector
Belton, J Division, said that the prisoners were charged with taking
part in a street fight which had been pre-arranged between the lads of
Hackney-wick and the lads of Clapton Priory, both very rough
neighborhood’s. Similar disturbances took place about this time last
year in the same neighbourhood, when several persons were seriously
injured, one lad being found on the pavement with his skull fractured.
On Monday the police found a body of lads armed with old Crimean
bayonets and sticks going to meet the Priory lads. They were dispersed,
and the two prisoners, each of whom had a bayonet, were arrested. The
prisoners promised not to take part in the fights again, and Mr. Lane
ordered each to find a surety in £5 to keep the peace for six months, or
to undergo seven days imprisonment in default.
