AN UNDESIRABLE CUSTOMER.

FREDERICK PERCY SADLER, a fish salesman, employed at Billingsgate, and
living at 20, Chandos-road, Upton-lane, Forest-gate, was summoned, at
the West Ham Police-court, before Mr. Gillespie, to answer a charge of
being disorderly and refusing to quit the Forest Glen, Danes-road,
Forest-gate, when requested to do so by the landlord, Mr. Paul Maurice
Upright, on the 1st. inst. He was also summoned for using abusive
language towards the landlord at the same time and place. Mr. Maitland
conducted the prosecution. From the evidence it appeared that between
ten and eleven o’clock on Monday evening (Bank Holiday) the defendant
interfered and complained because Mr. Upright ejected two disorderly
customers. When the landlord told him that he was fully able to carry on
his business, and did not wish him to interfere, the defendant called
him “A dirty dog,” and went on to threaten him, saying, “I’ll mark you,
and make it so out for you in the place that you will have to get out.”
He was repeatedly requested to leave the house but refused. The police
were called on two occasions, but when they left the defendant returned
to the house and continued his conduct until nearly closing time. In
cross examination the landlord denied having an argument with the
defendant, nor did he make use of any insulting remarks towards or in
respect of the customers then in the house. Three witnesses—in addition
to Mr. Upright—bore out the evidence for the prosecution. The defendant
called another fish salesman, named Charles Pooley, of Skelton-road,
Forest-gate, on his behalf, but the witness did not deny that the
defendant might have been requested to leave the house. He admitted
hearing defendant say something about the prosecutor and his name. The
defendant also admitted that he said to the landlord, “If your name’s
Upright your actions are not,” and when he turned his back to him he
said, “Very well, I’ll speak to your back. It’s perhaps as good as your
face to talk to.” He denied having refused to leave the house or having
made use of any abusive language. After a somewhat long hearing the
magistrate said he had no doubt the defendant was requested to leave the
house, and that he refused to do so. For that he ordered him to pay a
fine of 20s. and 13s, costs, with the alternative of fourteen days’
imprisonment. He was removed, but before the court rose the money was
paid by his friend whom he had called as a witness.
