DOUBLE MURDER AND MUTILATION IN OXFORDSHIRE.

[SUBJECT-OF ILLUSTRATION.]

AT Burford, on Wednesday, a labourer, named James Lapworth, aged about
twenty-seven, a native of Lechlade, was charged with the wilful murder
of Emily Beatrice Judd, aged seven years and six months, and Edith
Turner, aged five years, of Little Faringdon, Oxfordshire.

The circumstances of the case have caused a great sensation. The
children were daughters of labourers, and after partaking of dinner,
about one o'clock on Saturday, they left home for the purpose of taking
a walk. The houses in the neighbourhood are few and scattered, and it
was believed the children were playing in the fields. As they did not
return home to tea the parents became alarmed, and went and sent in all
directions in search of them. When night came, and no tidings could be
gleaned of the missing children, the grief of the parents was extreme.
The police were communicated with, and search parties were organised,
who worked with a will throughout the night. Their efforts, however,
were not rewarded with success until Sunday morning, when the body of
one of the children was found in a brook. It was at first supposed that
she had been playing on the bank and fallen into the water. After
further search the second was discovered in a spinney, about half a
mile off, with a terrible wound at the side of the neck. A careful
examination left no doubt that a horrible crime had been committed.
Besides the wound in the neck of the eldest girl she had been mutilated
about the lower part of the body, and it was evident that an attempt at
violation had taken place. The neck of the second child had also a cut
in it.

Lapworth, who had been seen in the neighbourhood, but not with the
children, was apprehended at five o'clock on Tuesday morning at South
Carney, near Cirencester, a considerable distance from the scene of the
murder.

The evidence offered was principally that of medical gentlemen, who had
examined the bodies, and who detailed the injuries upon them. The
prisoner was remanded.

It now appears that the man named James Lapworth, who is lying in Oxford
Castle, is likely to turn out to be an idiot. He is a native of the
district, and is about thirty years of age, a farmhouse labourer, but
not in regular employment. Some two years or so ago he lost his mother
and father, and since then it is said that he has acted strangely at
times. He would often go out to the churchyard at midnight and play his
melodium on his parents' graves, without anyone being able to persuade
him to leave. He used also often to speak in a very strange, wild
manner, but people only laughed at him. He appears to have been much
affected by the Whitechapel murders, and those who have worked with him
say they have often heard him say that someday "he hoped to be a Jack
the Ripper."

The spot where the children were found is a very peculiar one. It is a
sort of copse or withey bed in a field, and there is no entrance to this
field without going through water, as it happens to be entirely
surrounded by a brook. This makes it, of course, a very little
frequented spot, though it is not more than half a mile from Lechdale
Railway Station.

_________________________

FATAL FIGHT IN THE HARVEST FIELD.

[SUBJECT OF ILLUSTRATION.]

AN inquest has been held at Preston Gubbalds, near Shrewsbury, on
Richard Taylor, whose death was caused in a fight in the harvest field
with a man named Charles Phillips. Several severe blows were given on
both side. Phillips ultimately left the deceased lying in the field and
returned to his work. The master's son found Taylor dead, and the
medical evidence showed that his neck had been fractured, which could
have been done only by a terrific blow or kick. The jury returned a
verdict of manslaughter against Phillips, who is in custody on the
charge of wilful murder.
