A NOVEL CONFIDENCE TRICK.

AT the Manchester City Sessions, before the Recorder, a young man named
James Eckersley Thompson, aged twenty-two, was charged with obtaining
valuable securities from a maiden lady named Miss Lucilla Prescott, aged
fifty-seven. In October, 1891, the prisoner, who had previously been
known to Miss Prescott, went to live in her house in Manley Park, a
fashionable suburb of Manchester. He told her that a gentleman named
Lord, a well-known Manchester solicitor, wished her to marry him, but
for his convenience she must assume the name of Roberts, as he had got
entangled with an Italian lady. He further represented that Mr., Lord,
who was well-known to her, wanted to take her to Sweden, and as her two
villas in Manley Park would then be an incumbrance, he desired her to
sell them. The prisoner said he would buy one of them, and later stated
that he had paid the money over to Mr. Lord. She accepted his statement,
although from first to last in the case she had never seen her supposed
future husband. The villa was conveyed to Thompson, and she sold the
other villa by private treaty. When inquiries came to be made it turned
out that the Mr. Lord is a married man with a family, and he indignantly
denied any knowledge of Miss Prescott or making her a promise of
marriage. He also stated that he had never received any money in respect
of the house which the prisoner said he had bought. Thompson was found
guilty, and the Recorder, who told him the fraud he had committed was a
cruel one, sentenced him to twelve months' imprisonment with hard
labour.

_________________________

AN UNLUCKY BLOW. —A married woman, named Ellen Cox, is in custody at
Seaforth, near Liverpool, for causing the death of Rebecca McNab, a
single woman, aged twenty-six. Cox went up to deceased and another woman
while they were drinking in a public-house, and said to her, "Are you
Dora?? Without waiting for a reply, Cox struck deceased a heavy blow on
the chest with her fist, rendering her unconscious. When seen by a
doctor he pronounced life extinct.

SUICIDE ON A RAILWAY. —Edwin Barnes, a member of the Gloucester Gordon
League Baseball Club, has committed suicide by placing himself, in front
of a goods train near that city, the head and limbs being completely
severed from the body. From an unposted letter to his sister in service
at Bawtrey, Yorkshire, there is but little doubt that the reason for the
suicide was the opposition of the parents to the marriage of the
deceased with a girl inferior in position. All the arrangements had been
made for an early, marriage, which, however, had been postponed.
