A FORCED TELEGRAM.

ROBERT MARSH, twenty-nine, who sobbed during the whale of the
proceedings, was charged with uttering a forged telegram. Mr. Breton
Osborn presented on behalf of the Post Office authorities, and said that
the prisoner was charged with forging a telegram in order to obtain 10s.
It appeared that he went on Saturday to a post-office in Peckham, and
obtained 15s. is payment of two postal orders. This sum included a
half-sovereign, and Iater in the day he went back to the office and gave
the clerk is charge a gilt Jubilee sixpence, saying it had been handed
to him by her in the morning for a half-sovereign. Miss Smith, the
clerk, said she had not given him the coin, and declined to change it.
The prisoner then appears to have gone to London Bridge Railway Station,
and, saying he could not write, asked the telegraph clerk to write the
following telegram for him: —Miss Summerville, Rye-lane Post Office,
Peckham. — Please pay Elizabeth Cecilia Wakeling a half-sovereign in
exchange for the bad one." This message the prisoner directed to be
signed, "From the Postmaster." He afterwards had the words "and one
shilling and sixpence expenses "added. The Post Office orders which the
prisoner had obtained payment for in the morning were payable to E.
Cecilia Wakeling. Mr. Osborn suggested that the case came under the 11th
section of the Postmasters’ Protection Act, 40 and 47 Vic., which was
meant to meet the difficulties which might arise with regard to forged
telegrams—the prisoner would also be charged with forging an authority
for the payment of money. In addition to the forgery it appeared a most
impudent attempt to obtain money by fraud. Miss Julia Smith said that
she was clerk in charge as the Peckham branch of the South-Eastern
district office. She had been in serving eighteen years, and was
accustomed to the cashing of postal orders. On Saturday last the
prisoner on called at the office at about eleven o'clock in the morning,
and cashed two postal orders for 10s. 6d. and 4s. 6d. respectively. She
gave half a sovereign and 5s. in silver. She was sure that the
half-sovereign was a good one. The prisoner came into the office again
at about three in the afternoon, and produced a gilt Jubilee sixpence,
stating that she had given is him that morning for a half sovereign. She
examined the coin, and noticed at one that it was light in colour and
weight, and had no ring. She told him that she was quite sure that she
had not given it to him, and declined to exchange it and be left the
office, leaving it behind him. He returned in three-quarters of an hour,
and again demanded a half-sovereign, and she referred him to the South
Eastern district postmaster, in Blackman-street. He said he would go and
see the postmaster, but declined to take the coin with him. He came back
between four and five, and asked her whether she had received a telegram
from the postmaster instructing her to pay him. She said “No.” Telegrams
addressed to Rye-lane would be delivered from her office. He said she
would receive one, as he had seen the postmaster. He returned again, and
said that there was a telegram intended for her which had been sent to
the wrong office. She said she would send is a special report to the
Post master, and he then asked for the sixpence, which she gave him. The
prisoner said he must have been out of his mind. He was not aware of the
consequences when he sent the telegram. Sidney Thomas Birkenshaw, clerk
at London-bridge Station, gave evidence in support of Mr. Osborn's
opening statement, Herbert Henry Green-slade, a messenger attached to
the Peckham branch office, said that he encountered the prisoner, who
told him that to knew what was in the message he was carrying, and that
it was intended for the office down the street. He asked him to give him
the telegram, but the witness declined. The South-Eastern district
postmaster stated that he had never had any interview with the prisoner,
and that the telegram had not been sent by his authority; and Mr. W. T.
Edwards, of the Confidential Inquiry Department, deposed that when
interrogated as to what he had done with the gilt sixpence the prisoner
replied that he had changed it at a tobacconist’s in High-street,
Peckham, as half a sovereign. He said, respecting the telegram, that he
did not know the consequence of it, and that if he had he should never
have done wash a trick. The prisoner was remanded.
