LONDON COUNTY SESSIONS.

IRCORRIGIBLES. —Walter Clifford, sixty-four, clerk, was brought up to be
dealt with as an incorrigible rogue. Coltman, an officer of the
Mendicity Society, proved a long list of previous convictions. It was
stated that prisoner walked into the police-station in the King's-road,
Chelsea, and voluntarily gave himself up. He made a statement, which he
subsequently put into writing, to the effect that he was afraid of being
charged with stealing a coat from a house in which he was a lodger, and
also for having obtained a sovereign by means of false pretences from
Lady Rothschild's housekeeper. He was sentenced to nine months' hard
labour. —Charles Ottoman, forty, labourer, was also brought up to be
dealt with as an incorrigible. Bosley, an officer of the Mendicity
Society, described the prisoner as going about in a filthy condition,
insulting persons who refused to give him money, and being very violent
when arrested. There were nine previous convictions against him. He was
sentenced to six months' hard labour.

ROBBERY FROM THE GREAT NORTHERN RAILWAY. —Arthur Joseph Langshaw,
twenty-six, painter, was indicted for having stolen a mantle, and also a
box of eggs, the property of his masters, the Great Northern Railway
Company. Mr. Kershaw prosecuted. The prisoner, who had been in the
employ of the company as a labourer and carman, pleaded guilty. His duty
was to take goods from the arrival platform to the engineers'
department; but he had no right to take any other goods than those
directed to that department. He had been suspected for some time, and on
the 8th October was seen to take the box of eggs. Twenty-four
pawntickets were found upon him, and among others one relating to the
mantle. Others related to knives and forks, which had been stolen from
luncheon baskets, and workmen's tools. He was sentenced to twelve
months' hard labour.

THE EARL OF ROSSLYN'S LUGGAGE. —George Jarvis, seventeen, groom, was
indicted for having stolen two portmanteaus and other articles, value
£200, the goods of the Earl of Rosslyn. On the 5th October a quantity of
luggage, the property of the Earl of Rosslyn, was placed in a cab at the
King's Cross Station, and the driver was ordered to drive to the Turf
Club. There the person hiring the cab got out. Shortly afterwards the
prisoner came out of the club and ordered the cabman to drive to Charing
Cross. He then told him to drive on to an hotel in Villiers-street, and
the goods were taken inside. The waiter at the hotel paid the cabman 48:
6., and the prisoner gave him 6d. Sergeant Parsmenter, C Division,
arrested the prisoner next day, and then found a quantity of the goods
in Villiers-street and the remainder in a house in Percy-street,
Tottenham court-road. Prisoner's defence was that he had been led into
it by another man. Sir P. H. Edlin sentenced him to six months' hard
labour.
