A CIRCUS TRAGEDY.

THE trial of Baron de Rahden for the murder of Lieutenant de
Kastenkjold, a Danish officer, took place at Riom, France, last week.
The Baroness de Rahden, the heroine of the drama, was a circus rider of
the haute ecole, Lieutenant de Kastenkjold made himself conspicuous by
his admiration of the baroness, who allowed him to follow her from town
to town. The jealousy of the baron was excited, and a duel between the
husband and the Danish lieutenant took place at Copenhagen. In this the
baron was wounded. A sort of reconciliation followed. De Kastenkjold
presented De Rahden with his sword, and the baron gave his adversary his
wife's portrait. Unfortunately, this friendly adjustment did not prove
durable. On the night of August 24th last this trio were at Clermont
Ferrand. A few moments before the baroness was to have begun her
performance an altercation took place between the two men. The baron
fired a revolver at De Kastenkjold, who fell. The next day he died in
the hospital. The baroness maintained that her husband's victim was
never her lover, although she blamed herself for her levity. She
displayed no resentment against her husband at the trial. The jury
deliberated for five minutes only, and returned a verdict of not guilty.
The court consequently acquitted the prisoner.

____________________________

BATH MURDER MYSTERY.

AT Bathampton, Mr. Samuel Craddock brought to a conclusion a prolonged
inquiry concerning the death of Elsie Adeline Luke, alias Wilkie, who
mysteriously disappeared about Bank Holiday, 1891, and whose remains
were discovered in a cave at Hampton Down in September last. In summing
up the coroner said there could be little doubt that a horrible murder
had been committed. A great deal of evidence had been taken to show
motive against Arthur Coombs, but he appealed to the jury to dispel from
their mind any preconceived suspicion they might have formed with regard
to him. Motive itself was not evidence. All it could do was to
accentuate a charge which might be formulated against any individual. If
the evidence of Phillips and Clare that they saw Wilkie and Coombs
together in the summer of 1891 were true, it only proved that he was
carrying on an intrigue with Wilkie when he was absolutely engaged to
Miss Sheppard. Suspicion might be entertained against a man, but that
would not hang him. The police had experienced great, difficulties.
There was a lapse of time, contradictory evidence, and, he feared, much
suppression of truth. Words failed him to denounce the action of Dill in
not communicating with the police when he discovered the watch and chain
and blood-stained articles. There was no doubt that had Dill done his
duty the murderer would have been discovered. If Mrs. Kerry had not
destroyed the letters left at her house by Wilkie, but had read them,
light might have been thrown on the case. The jury had a difficult
problem to solve, and he was afraid they would find it impossible of
solution. The jury returned a verdict to the effect that the deceased
was murdered by some person or person’s unknown.
