A CONSTABLE COMMITTED FOR TRIAL.

THE hearing of the case against Police-constable Pearce, 490 M, who is
charged upon a summons with assaulting a young fellow named Briggs, and
which has occupied the attention of Mr. Fenwick during a considerable
portion of the week, was resumed, at the Southwark Police-court, Mr.
Sydney again appearing for the defendant. Police-constable Mittens, 233
M, who, it will be remembered, corroborated the man Briggs as to the
alleged assault, was recalled, and in answer to Mr. Sydney admitted that
he, while stationed at Greenwich, was fined two or three days' pay, and,
when further pressed, that the fine was inflicted for telling deliberate
falsehoods in connection with a report which he made to his superior
officers. At this stage Mr. Fenwick expressed a wish to bear the
evidence of a young man named Devine, who followed the parties to the
station. When in the box Devine said he walked behind the defendant and
saw no assault committed. He did hear 233 M say that the accused had
struck Briggs, but as he (witness) was ordered to attend the court next
morning he did not think it worthwhile contradicting him at the time.
Police-constable Greenwood, 272 M, the officer whom Briggs alleges gave
him 10s. "to square the ease," was next called, and denied the statement
in toto. He further deposed that, as Briggs left the court on the day he
was charged with assaulting the defendant, he said to witness, "What
that old copper (233) says is lies, but I'll say it's true unless he in
brasses up. I mean to get a bit of my own back, and it is worth three
quid to put me out of the way for a time." John Briggs, the brother of
the complainant, then gave evidence as to being "treated "by
Police-constable 272, whom he heard make overtures to his brother to
“square it." Mr. Sydney, addressing his worship, observed that during
the course of the inquiry a very serious allegation against Mr. Stevens,
the inspector who is took the charge against Briggs, was made, which was
that when he (the complainant) was put forward that the defendant
committed an assault, and directly his worship had ordered a summons to
be issued had actually in the court told the defendant to square them
matter. He desired to say on the inspector's behalf that he had two
officers of the court—one the usher—who would tell his worship that
Inspector Stevens did not leave the witness-box until close upon half an
hour after the case had been disposed of and all the parties had gone.
Mr. Fenwick said he was sorry he could not allow the statement to go
upon the depositions, as it was not germane to the inquiry, but he would
certainly direct that the officers mentioned should attend the sessions
for the purpose of giving evidence if the Court desired it. Police
constable 233 here stepped forward, and said he wished to add to his
evidence the fact that Inspector Stevens had on more than one occasion
reported him, and given him a “jacketing." Mr. Fenwick said that, having
regard to the serious issues involved, and to the fact that other
proceedings must inevitably arise out of these, he was of opinion that
the case was eminently one which should go before a jury, and
accordingly committed the defendant for trial on his own recognisances.
