ALLEGED ABDUCTION OF A NIECE.

AN Army Reserve man named Harvey Tate, aged twenty-seven, living at 31,
Commercial-road, Pimlico, was placed in the dock before Mr. De Rutzen,
at Westminster Police-court, last week, on remand, charged with taking
his niece Florence, aged seventeen, out of the custody of her parents
with an evil intention. Since the arrest of the prisoner on the
afternoon of the 8th inst., the girl has been very ill in the hospital,
and unable to give evidence. She was in service at Sutton, Surrey, where
her parents reside, and the prisoner, who left the army just before
Christmas, was sheltered there by his brother, the father of the girl.
An intercepted lotter and a communication from the mistress of the girl,
opened the eyes of her parents to the intimacy which existed between her
and the prisoner. He was ordered out in of the house and went to
Pimlico, where the girl joined him in a day or two, giving cut, when she
left home, that she was going to visit her sister. Letters from her
found on the prisoner showed that she addressed him in the most
endearing terms.

On the prisoner being placed in the dock, the girl Florence fainted. She
was led out of the court soon afterwards in a violently hysterical
condition. After who a considerable interval, although went and ill, she
was enabled, with her face averted from the dock, to give some evidence.
She said that the prisoner wrote her a number of letters. He left Sutton
in March. On Friday, the 7th inst., in consequence of a letter from the
prisoner, she left her home at Sutton unknown to her parents, and came
to Victoria Station. She proceeded to the prisoner's lodgings at
Commercial-road, Pimlico, as she had been directed. Prisoner met her,
and said that he had found a room for her at a sort of mission-house. He
took her to a place—some chambers she did not know. A man in the doorway
remarked, "You have soon come back." Prisoner answered, "Yes, and I have
brought my wife with me." He did not leave the room she had to occupy
during the night. The witness, much agitated, gave some further evidence
in support of, the more serious aspect of the charge, and, in answer to
the magistrate, she said that on the following morning prisoner walked
back with her to Commercial-road. They had breakfast together there. She
never saw him afterwards till he was in custody.

Inspector Campion suggested that the girl should be asked about a
statement which the prisoner made to her. Witness said that on the
Friday night she met the prisoner. He told her to tell people that she
was his wife and first cousin—an orphan. After some hesitation the
prisoner decided to give evidence, which he is entitled to do under the
Criminal Law Amendment Act. The result was a material corroboration of
the girl's testimony. He said that, as arranged on Good Friday, he sent
her his address, but he could not see that this enticed her from Sutton.
He asked her to return there, and she refused. In answer to Mr. De
Rutzen, he said he took a room as she had stated. The Magistrate: You
don't wish to say any more? No, sir. Or in any way to deny the
statements made by your niece as to what took place? My niece told me to
say that she was my wife. Mr. De Rutzen committed the prisoner for trial
to the Central Criminal Court.
