THE GREAT BOND ROBBERY.

WALTER SELWYN, forty-six, alias Archibald Herbert Melville, well
dressed, and described as having no occupation, and as residing at the
Hotel Continental, Paris, was charged on a warrant, before Mr. Newton,
at the Marlborough-street Police-court, with having been concerned with
a man named Peach, who is now awaiting his trial, in conspiring to
obtain the sum of £800 from George Willis Scears in exchange for a
quantity of Turkish Priority Bonds, which are alleged to have been
stolen from a Channel steamer. Mr. St. John Wontner, solicitor,
prosecuted. Detective-sergeant Lowe, of Scotland-yard, deposed that at
about half-past five on Wednesday afternoon he and Sergeant Nash went to
a house in Harewood-square. The prisoner opened the door, and on the
witness asking if he were Mr. Melville (a name which Peach’s companion
is alleged to have assumed), replied in the negative, and said that his
name was W. Selwyn. When the warrant was read to him he exclaimed. “So
help me God I am innocent. I am having a life-sized photograph taken to
show to witnesses who have sworn to me. I have just come to town for the
purpose of going to the court at the trial as a witness.” While they
were on their way to the Vine-street Police-station he added, “I called
at Peach’s house on the night of his arrest, and if I had known there
were any bonds there you can take your oath they would not have been
found. If I had liked I could have been at Buenos Ayres.” Among the
papers in his rooms the witness found a bundle of documents relating to
California and a letter from Peach’s son, similar to drafts found in
Peach’s possession. As they were leaving the house they saw the
solicitor who defended Peach approaching, whereupon Selwyn exclaimed, “I
have been reading through the depositions in Peach’s case with Peach’s
solicitor.” About the prisoner’s person and in a hat-box was found
altogether about £90. From letters he had it appeared that Selwyn was
living in Harewood-square under the name of “F. Daldren.” A portion of
the depositions taken in Peach’s case having been read over, Mr. Newton
remanded the prisoner till Monday, refusing bail.
