THE MURDER OF SERGEANT EVES.

ON Friday afternoon, at Chelmsford, James Ramsey, thirty-six, an
engine-driver, was charged, before the Latchingdon justices, with having
stolen 131/2 bushels of corn from Hazeleigh Hall, near Maldon, Essex, on
the night of the 15th of April last. It was in the course of this
robbery that Police-sergeant Eves was murdered, a crime for which John
Davis was executed at Chelmsford on Wednesday. Ramsey, it will be
remembered, was charged jointly with the others with the murder, but was
acquitted. On account of facts which had recently transpired and
statements made by the brothers Davis, he was re-arrested on the present
charge. The prisoner looked exceedingly well. He was dressed in the
coarse blue clothing supplied to prisoners under remand, and was
ticketed with a yellow medallion bearing the figures "C4—30.” The clerk
(Mr. W. J. Brown), having read the charge to the prisoner, asked him
whether he had any reason to urge why he should not be again remanded.
Ramsey: I understood, sir, last week that I was to be remanded till next
Monday. Mr. Elsey Bland (one of the justices): Yes; that is so. You will
be remanded till Monday next. The prisoner was then removed.

James Ramsay, thirty-six, engine-driver, was brought before the Rev. R.
Harwood and other magistrates, at Maldon, on Monday, charged with
stealing corn from the barn on Hazeleigh Hall farm the property of Mr.
Fitch, ex-Mayor of Maldon, on April 15th last, the night on which
Sergeant Eves, of the Essex Constabulary, was murdered, whilst
endeavouring to arrest the thieves. Six men were apprehended on
suspicion of being implicated in the murder, and four, including Ramsey
and Sails, were committed for trial; but these two were acquitted, and
John and Richard Davis were sentenced to death.

The prisoner Ramsey was driven from Chelmsford to Maldon on Monday in a
prison van, and as the vehicle passed through some of the villages the
inhabitants hooted and groaned. At Maldon a large crowd gathered before
the Court opened. Mr. Pearce, who prosecuted in the murder trial, also
conducted the prosecution in the present instance. Ramsey, who was
undefended, gazed about the court with an air of indifference, and did not
appear disconcerted by his position. Richard Davis attended to give
evidence, and was temporarily placed in one of the private rooms
attached to the court. The prisoner, replying to the formal reading of
the charge, said, "I know nothing about it, only what I have heard."

Mr. Pearce, in opening the case, said the witnesses would include not
only Richard Davis, but Mrs. John Davis, the latter of whom would state
that Ramsey called at her house on the evening of the murder, and walked
away with her husband.

John Moss, a bailiff at Hazeleigh, deposed that the prisoner, who had
charge of the threshing machine presented the day before the murder a
false tally of corn threshed.

Mr. Fitch, the tenant of the farm, was also called, Cross-examined by
the prisoner, he said that more corn would have been put into the barn
than was stated on the tally, because an allowance had to be made for
waste in dressing.

Sergeant Hurrell deposed that when he arrested Ramsey the latter said he
knew nothing about the murder, and that the Davises had no more to do
with it than he had. Ramsey said witness had got hold of the wrong
persons, and the job belonged to gipsies who were on the green.

The prisoner was committed for trial.
