A NOTORIOUS ADVENTURESS.

AT the Central Criminal Court, before the Common Serjeant, Frederica
Furneau, forty-five, housekeeper, was found guilty of obtaining money by
false pretences. Mr. C. F. Gill, who prosecuted, and that the career of
the prisoner had been a remarkable one. By representing that she was a
lady, who owned a mortgaged property of considerable value, and by
producing letters which purported to be written by Colonel Dichenson and
other persons, she succeeded in obtaining £40 from a poor woman who kept
a newspaper shop in South Lambeth, named Miller, and about £16 from a
Miss Dossett, of Wimbledon. Then she disappeared, but was arrested at
Leeds. The prisoner was unquestionably a most notorious swindler—indeed,
he might say, a celebrated criminal Practically, the whole of her life
had been devoted to obtaining money by false pretences. She had
undergone a term of seven years' penal servitude after a former
conviction. On the occasion that she received the seven years, which was
in 1882, at Warwick, she got many thousands of pounds by passing herself
off a Lord Albert Pelham Clinton. The Common Serjeant: Did she
masquerade in men's attire? Mr. Gill said that the prisoner did not do
that, but she represented that she was Lord Albert Pelham Clinton in
disguise, and that the disguise was assumed, as she was waiting to
obtain a pardon from the Queen in consequence of his having been
connected with a certain case. By thus masquerading as a man in female
attire, and on the faith of her representations, she obtained large sums
of money. She also represented that the late Lord Coleridge' knew of the
circumstances. The prisoner was a genius of a liar, having regard to the
number of people she had imposed upon. An officer of the Birmingham
police said that when the prisoner was arrested in 1882 she had 4,000
letters in her possession, written by all classes of person’s resident
in the United Kingdom, from whom she had obtained or endeavoured to
obtain money. Inspector Keen said that the prisoner deceived a poor
artist at Leeds and got two pictures from him. Mr. Gill said that the
worst feature in the prisoner's career was that she prosecuted a man
from whom she had had money, and who pressed for repayment, for
demanding money with menaces, and he was convicted and sentenced to
twelve months' imprisonment, which sentence be underwent. The Common,
Serjeant regarded the prisoner, as an exceedingly dangerous, criminal
and he sentenced her to ten years' pend servitude.
