RESPITE OF HASLER.

MR. F.C. FRYE M.P., for North Kensington, has received the following
letter: — “Whitehall, January 25th, 1993. Sir, —Adverting to your
application on behalf of Walter Hasler, convicted of murder and
sentenced to death, I am directed by the Secretary of State to inform
you that he has had under his consideration all the circumstances of
this case, and that he has felt himself justified in advising her
Majesty to respite the capital sentence, with a view to its commutation
to penal servitude for life. —I am, sir, your obedient servant, GODFREY
LUSHINGTON.”

__________________

A BRUTAL GLOVE CONTEST. —At the National Sporting Club in Covent Garden
a twenty-round contest was decided between Stanton Abbott and Sam
Baxter, two of the best-known light-weights in the in country. The fight
was of a very protracted character; the end not being reached until the
eighteenth round. Is the tenth round there was some terrific exchanges.
Baxter lasted until well into the eighteenth round, when, after sinking
on to the ground, he only got up again to box feebly for a few seconds
before holding out his hand in token of defeat.

THE BROMSGROVE MURDER. —The French hawker arrested in Brussels for the
Bromsgrove murder is also, it is stated, wanted in this country on
several charges of theft. It is alleged that he was a colonel's servant,
and made away with several articles of his masters wearing apparel. When
last seen in England he was hawking envelopes from house to house, and
there is no doubt that the object of his visit to Bromsgrove was to get
money. The necessary papers for Meunier's extradition are being
prepared. —The inquest on Charlotte Pearcey, the old woman who was
murdered at Lickey End, near Bromsgrove, on the 13th ult., was resumed.
The axe with which the murder was committed was identified by a
Birmingham joiner, from whom it was stolen on the previous day. He
attributed the theft to a man who had been loitering about, and who
answered the description of the supposed murderer. A youth said he saw a
man answering to the police description near Pearcey's house shortly
before the murder. The coroner or remarked that the motive of the crime
appeared to be murder and robbery, although only a few coppers were
taken, and the only possible verdict was wilful murder. The jury
returned a verdict of wilful murder against some person or persons
unknown.
