THE DE COBAIN CASE.

AT the Belfast Assizes, before Mr. Justice Johnson, Edward Samuel Wesley
de Cobain was indicted for the commission of an offence in March, 1888.
There were ten counts in the indictments, involving five persons in
addition to the prisoner. A great deal of interest was manifested in the
case, and the court was crowded. The Solicitor-general said the duty of
all concerned in the case was one of an intensely painful character. To
the jury it must be especially so, having regard to the fact that the
prisoner at one time had the honour to be the representative of one of
the divisions of that great city. Having dealt with the enormity of the
offences charged against the prisoner, counsel said they should remember
that, though the offences were committed in 1887 and the trial was only
proceeding in 1893, the warrant for his arrest was made out in 1891. For
nearly two years the prisoner had baffled the law and shrunk from facing
a jury of his countrymen. A number of witnesses, almost all young lads,
were examined, and Head constable Hussey deposed to the arrest of the
prisoner. This closed the case for the prosecution, Mr. O'Shaughnessy,
Q. C., addressed the jury in defence. He said the abominable charge
against his client was the outcome of a conspiracy initiated by a man
named Haggie, who had failed frequently in the attempt to blackmail Mr.
de Cobain, and who afterwards pleaded guilty to a charge of forgery and
embezzlement. Mr. de Cobain had made himself objectionable to the local
caucus when he fought and defeated its nominee in a Parliamentary
contest in one of the divisions of the city, and he had incurred the
enmity of the police force by charges he had boldly made against that
body for their action in connection with the Belfast riots. Counsel
commented warmly upon what he termed the poisoned atmosphere which had
been deliberately created around his client by the babbling of the
police and his enemies in the city. His client had left the country to
recruit his health, which had at this time broken down, but as soon as
he had recovered he returned to meet his accusers. He confidently relied
on an acquittal. Witnesses for the defence were called, and the accused
was also examined. He denied absolutely that there was any truth in the
allegations made against him, and three of the witnesses he could not
even identify. To none of them had he even spoken improperly. The Judge,
in summing up, said these charges were easily made and often difficult
to repel. The jury, after forty minutes' deliberation, returned a
verdict of guilty, and the prisoner was sentenced to twelve months'
imprisonment, with hard labour.
