TRIAL OF MRS. OSBORNE.

PLEA OF GUILTY.

SENTENCE OF NINE MONTHS' HARD LABOUR.

[SUBJECT OF ILLUSTRATION.]

THE closing stage in the noted pearl stealing case was reached, at the
Central Criminal Court, on Wednesday morning, where Mrs. Osborne was
formally indicted, before Justice Smith, for the theft of Mrs.
Hargreaves’s jewels, and for wilful and corrupt perjury, in the libel
action which she brought against Major and Mrs. Hargreaves. Among the
early arrivals were Major and Mrs. Hargreaves, who were seated at the
solicitors' table, and Mr. Benjamin, whose unexpected interposition in
the libel action produced such startling results. The jury were sworn in
a few minutes after ten. The counsel for the prosecution were Mr. Gill
and Mr. Forrest Fulton, while for the defence Sir Charles Russell, Mr.
Coward, and Mr. C. Mathews were briefed. Captain Osborne arrived soon
after ten, and was accommodated with a seat among the junior counsel.
The learned judge and Lord Mayor entered the court at half-past ten.

MRS. OSBORNE IN THE DOCK.

Mrs. Osborne was at once brought into the dock. She was supported around
the waist by a female warder, who helped her into a chair. She was at
once charged with the theft and the perjury, and in an inaudible voice
pleaded guilty to both charges. Mr. Forrest Fulton said he was
instructed to prosecute on behalf of the Treasury, and would briefly
narrate facts. Justice Smith: I have all the depositions before me, and
therefore know the facts.

MRS. HARGREAVES SPEAKS.

Mrs. Hargreaves: May I say, my lord— The Judge: I cannot hear you unless
you are going to make an appeal for mercy. Mrs. Hargreaves: Indeed, I
am, my lord, with all my heart. (Sobbing.) I have known her and loved
her all her life, and am perfectly convinced she was not in her right
mind when she took the jewels.

THE SENTENCE.

Justice Smith then proceeded to pass sentence, the prisoner, who was
crying bitterly, still remaining seated. He said, "You stole the jewels
of your friend. You converted them into money. You appropriated the
money to your own use, and when suspicion pointed to you as being the
actual thief you commenced an action in order to vindicate your
character. In that action you falsely and corruptly swore to facts which
were intended to lead the jury to believe you did not steal the jewels.
I do not know what would have been the result had it not been for the
interposition of one man, who was able to produce a document with your
endorsement. But I am sure of one thing. If your wilful and corrupt
perjury had succeeded, your friends Major and Mrs. Hargreaves would have
left that court with the stain of indelible ignominy upon them.
Fortunately, it did not succeed. This is a serious matter. The maximum
penalty for perjury is seven years' penal servitude. I am not going to
inflict that, but I do intend to give a severe punishment for one in
your position. I know the jewels and the misappropriated money have been
returned, and all the costs paid, and I bear that in mind. You have been
some time in prison; you surrendered yourself to justice; your condition
is known to me; and Mrs. Hargreaves, as well as your counsel, have
appealed for mercy. The sentence is that you be imprisoned for nine
months and put to such hard labour as the state of your health will
permit.

THE CLOSING SCENE.

Prisoner was then carried from the dock sobbing bitterly, and apparently
astounded at the sentence. Her husband and Mrs. Hargreaves were also
deeply affected.

With the sentence passed upon Mrs. Osborne on Wednesday the curtain
falls upon as pitiable a drama of real life as ever was presented to the
public gaze. To comment now upon the unhappy lady's offence and its
punishment is needless. We need only say a last word of sympathy for her
relatives, and, above all, for her husband, who has played the part of a
gallant gentleman while overwhelmed by the most cruel blows of wholly
undeserved misfortune. To one feature of the case we would, however,
call attention. It was stated in the course of the trial that the Public
Prosecutor had taken action in consequence of Mrs. Osborne's perjury
alone; that, if there had been no other charge against her, his action
would not have been taken. This sudden awakening of the official
conscience to the wickedness of perjury is remarkable. Not that there is
no need of increased activity in that matter. On the contrary, the
judges have long been periodically deploring the terrible increase in
the crime of false swearing. One of them even went so far as to say
recently that he believed that in the majority of the cases he tried
perjury was committed on one side or the other, and very frequently on
both. So far, then, it is an excellent thing that the Public Prosecutor
should have become alive to the existence of a grave public scandal. But
we hope that the fact that it has required an extremely sensational
case, involving persons in a high social position, to effect this
awakening does not mean that the common place perjurers are to continue
to go scot free. Cases quite as flagrant, though not so sensational, are
occurring day by day, and the obscure offenders are never pounced upon
by the Public Prosecutor, or only very rarely. Now however, we shall
look forward to a new departure, and the equal punishment of all
perjurers, high and low. We do not like any procedure that suggests that
the law is not the same for all classes of the community, whether it be
the rich or the poor who may suffer the most by such improper
distinctions.

Our artist has made some sketches of the prison life of the unfortunate
woman. A prisoner has to be sorely tried and to put up with a number of
indignities in prison especially those belonging to the better class,
but Mrs. Osborne has erred in no small degree and she must pay the
penalty of her misdeeds.
