A DEAR DISAGREEMENT. —At Wigan County-court, on Tuesday, before Judge
Jones, Sarah Whittle, of the Swan-lane Inn, Hindley-green, obtained a
verdict with £50 damages in an action against John Morris, a pit
under-viewer, who during “a disagreement” at the inn, struck and kicked
her and pulled her along the floor by the hair.

CROYDON FIREMEN PUNISHED. —An inquiry was held at Croydon to investigate
certain allegations made at the recent inquest on the body of
Police-constable Wright, who was suffocated at the fire at North-end.
Sir Edward Bradford and Superintendent Lucas attended the inquiry. It
was alleged that two of the firemen were intoxicated at the time of the
outbreak, and in the result one was reduced and the other severely
reprimanded.

CHURCH PARADE OF 1,000 CYCLISTS. —A well-attended church parade of
cyclists took place at Bedford on Sunday. One thousand cyclists rode in
the procession, and the route was lined by thousands of spectators.
Choral service was celebrated at St. Paul's Church, which was filled by
a very large congregation. The Mayor and Corporation of Bedford attended
in state, and a large sum was collected on behalf of the local
dispensaries. The parade was organised by Our Boys' Cycling Club.

MYSTERIOUS AFFAIR. —A mysterious affair is reported from Berkeley,
Gloucestershire. The body of a well-dressed seafaring man has been found
in a canal near Shepherds' Patch. A letter addressed to a young lady at
Newport was found in the man's possession. From inquiries made it
appears that the man, whose name is Charles William Newcombe, was
engaged to a young lady, and that he left his vessel, her Majesty's ship
Hamadryad, at Cardiff a week ago to withdraw £500 from a Gloucester
bank.

BELFAST RIOTERS SENTENCED. —At the Belfast Police-court, five men, named
Cunningham, Murray, Mahony, Rocks, and Breen, were charged with being
ringleaders of a stone-throwing mob in Belfast. On Sunday they attacked
two policemen in such a savage manner that one of them, who was rendered
unconscious, would undoubtedly have been killed but for the timely
arrival of a large constabulary force, which dispersed the mob. Breen
was sentenced to two months' imprisonment and the other prisoners to six
months' hard labour each.

THE "CAT". —At the Leeds Assizes John Conlan, thirty-five, hawker, and
Bridget Daularcy, thirty-seven, were found guilty of assault and robbery
at Bradford, the prosecutor being a man named Crawley, who was knocked
down, kicked, and otherwise brutally assaulted. Both prisoners were
sentenced to five years' penal servitude, Conlan in addition to receive
thirty-six strokes with the "cat." John Smith, labourer, who was found
guilty of highway robbery, in addition to a month's imprisonment, was
also ordered to receive twenty-four strokes.

KILLING A NEW-BORN CHILD. —At the Leeds Assizes, Emily Harriet Wilson,
eighteen, domestic servant, was charged with the murder of her
newly-born child at Wentworth, near Barnsley, by suffocating it. When
arrested the prisoner admitted the charge, saying that the child was
born alive, and that she killed it by putting a handkerchief into its
mouth. She said it was in her box, and there the dead body was found.
The defence set up was a plea of insanity. The jury returned a verdict
of guilty, adding their belief that she was insane at the time. She was
ordered to be detained during her Majesty's pleasure.

CARDIFF PIES. —A. remarkable case of supposed poisoning of a family, in
which one case proved fatal, is reported from the village of Kilmington,
near Axminster, Devonshire. Towards the close of last week, the family
of the Rev. J. E. Owen, curate in charge, received from Cardiff, where
there have been so many cases of poisoning lately, some pork pies as a
present. The three children and maid-servant ate heartily of the pies,
and on Friday they were all very ill with symptoms of poisoning. One of
the children subsequently died, but the others are now progressing
favourably. The affair caused great consternation in the village.

ROBBERY WITH VIOLENCE. —At Doncaster, on Saturday, two rough-looking
customers, named Taylor and Hepworth, were charged with robbery with
violence at Conisbrough. A poor old man named Cotton went for a walk in
the fields, and while sitting to rest himself he was accosted by the
prisoners. One informed him that he was trespassing, and must pay
damages; and as he refused both set upon him in brutal fashion and
knocked him down. In the scuffle half-a-crown, which was in his
waistcoat-pocket, was abstracted, and the prisoners then made off, but
were subsequently apprehended. They were committed for trial.
