THE PUTNEY MYSTERY

AT the Central Criminal Court last week before Mr. Justice Grantham,
Amelia Annie Francis, aged thirty-six, and Charles William Charlwood,
aged thirty-seven, builder, were indicted with Richard Thomas Freeman
for the wilful murder of Ellen Franklin; and George Herbert Francis,
aged twenty-eight, a surgeon, was indicted as an accessory after the
fact to the alleged murder.

We gave a history of the case in our last issue, but a new witness in
the person of Mr. Bernard Evans, an artist, who sometimes lives at
Bloomsbury Mansions and sometimes at Bolton Abbey, caused some
excitement among the defending counsel. He stated that he had known the
deceased woman Charlwood for fourteen years. She had been in the service
of his wife as a domestic servant, but owing to an intimacy which had
sprang up between them she left his house in the year of 1881, and gave
birth to a child. Since that time he had allowed her £1 per week. She
studied art under his tuition, and lived in Holland Park, where he
visited her. In the early part of 1883 she gave birth to another child
at Tunbridge: Wells. From then, and up to 1937, he was on intimate terms
with her, but at the end of that year they agreed to end their intimacy,
although he still continued the allowance. After wandering about the
country for some time deceased went to live at East Grinstead three
years ago. He had not visited her there. She came and paid him a yearly
visit in London, but the intimacy was not renewed. When the first child
died he was communicated with by telegram, but did not go to the
funeral. On October 17th last he sent a cheque for £3 to deceased at
East Grinstead. The cheque was passed through Lloyd's Bank at Grinstead.
On the 21st of October he received a letter from Charlwood saying he
wanted to see him relative to the deceased. He wrote to Mrs. Franklin
(the name by which he knew the deceased) asking her if she wished him to
see Charlwood, but he did not receive a reply. On the 28th of October he
heard from Charlwood by letter that the woman was dead, and asking him
to make some arrangements for the funeral. He wrote asking for the bill
for the funeral to be sent him, which was done by Charlwood on October
29th, and the account amounted to £26 11s. 2d. He sent a cheque for the
sum, and it was paid through Lloyds' Bank, Grinstead. He thought the
woman had died a natural death at East Grinstead, or he would not have
sent the money.

Dr. T. Bond, who made the post-mortem after exhumation, said there was
no evidence of thrombosis, embolism, heart disease, or Bright's disease.
His opinion was that death was due to shock from violence and loss of
blood. He found the imperfectly-developed body of a child in the coffin
with the corpse. Cross-examined, he thought the injuries had not been
caused by instruments, but by the hand. On re-examination the witness
said that, in order to produce the condition of the body which he found,
violence must have been used of such a savage character as would be
absolutely unjustifiable. He meant by that that it would be a crime for
a medical man to use such violence.

After a powerful speech from Mr. Dickens, Q.C., in defence of Charlwood;
Mr. Geoghegan followed on behalf of the female prisoner Francis; and Mr.
Dale Hart for the male prisoner Francis.

Then Justice Grantham proceeded to sum up the case, which he
characterised as one of the most painful and difficult that had ever
come under his notice, and he expressed regret that Dr. Francis was not
in the dock with the other prisoners. The inquiry had clearly shown the
dangers to which the community at large would be subjected if a form of
burial by cremation was brought into general use. Supposing, for
instance, Mrs. Franklin's body had been consumed by the flames two days
after her death, the present inquiry could not have been instituted. He
thought the present system of burial was by far the best.

While the jury were away considering their verdict an animated
conversation was carried on in court, the three prisoners being
naturally the centre of attraction. Mrs. Francis, with her veil thrown
back upon her ruby velvet hat, leant over the front of the dock, and
discussed the situation with her solicitor and father-in-law. Although
her eyes were swollen with crying there was a nervous excitement easily
perceptible in them; her face bore an ashy whiteness, which clearly
indicated the mental struggle that she was passing through. Her lips
quivered with suppressed emotion, and as she talked with her solicitor
she pressed her hands tightly together, and was heard to say, in a
whisper "Oh! God, relieve me from this agony." Mr. Francis, still
maintaining that coolness which has so characterised him throughout the
whole trial, stood by the side of his wife, and talked in quiet
monosyllables with his father. Charlwood apparently had no friends in
court, as during the absence of the jury he entered into conversation
with one of the warders in charge.

On the return of the jury, after an absence of forty-five minutes, they
found both Charlwood and Mrs. Francis guilty of manslaughter. Francis
was only guilty of being an accessory before the fact.

In passing sentence on Charlwood—of five years' penal servitude—Justice
Grantham said that he had been guilty of most despicable conduct, and
that no one could possibly have any sympathy with him. Mrs. Francis,
whom he sentenced to three years' penal servitude, had, in his opinion,
lent only a too willing hand to Dr. Freeman in his illegal practices.
The man Francis was, he said, worthy of sympathy, as he thought that he
had only taken the action, he had for the purpose of protecting his
wife. He sentenced him to six months' hard labour,
