ATTEMPTED MURDER AT HOXTON.

ALBERT BRIGGS, twenty-eight, of Honzer-street, Hoxton, and Henry Monro,
eighteen, of Squarry-street, Bethnal-green, were charged, at Clerkenwell
Police-court, on Friday, with being concerned with another man not in
custody in attempting to murder Harry Ruskin by throwing him into the
Regent’s Canal. The prosecutor, a coachman, said he had known Briggs for
about a fortnight. During Thursday afternoon he was in the company of
the two prisoners and another man; they visited several public-houses.
At eleven o’clock they left the Angel, at Islington and walked towards
Nile-street, Hoxton. They stopped on the way on Danbury-bridge, and
stood looking into the canal, talking. Briggs suddenly seized hold of
witness, who was leaning on the parapet, and said, “Go over and drown,
you ----” Prosecutor clung to the parapet, and Briggs knocked his hands
away, and lifting him up by the waist, threw him over into the canal. He
was becoming unconscious in the water when he was rescued by a bargeman.
Mrs. Anne Woods said she was walking over the bridge and saw the man
leaning over the

[]

parapet. She heard one of them say, “Drown you----,” and then a splash.
Police-inspector Daybell and other officers proved arresting the
prisoners the same night. Briggs denied having been in Ruskin’s company,
and Monro said he knew nothing of the matter. Witness, Mrs. Woods, said
she could not identify the men who were standing at the bridge, because
they walked rapidly away after Ruskin fell in the water. The prosecutor,
questioned by the magistrate, said that while he was in Briggs’ company
on Thursday evening the latter urged him to snatch a watch and chain
from an old gentleman who was standing outside the Agricultural Hall.
Briggs said, “I’ll knock him down if you run away with the watch.”
Witness declined. Mr. Bros: I have not the slightest doubt that this man
would have been drowned had it not been for the promptness with which
the lady raised the alarm and the readiness with which the bargeman
rescued him. I hope the court which tries this case will take some
notice of the conduct of these witnesses. The prisoners were committed
for trial.
