SINGULAR CASE OF CHILD DETENTION.

MR. ROSE was engaged the greater part of a day, at Clerkenwell
Police-court, in hearing an extraordinary case of alleged child
detention. John Barry O'Callaghan, forty-five, an engineer and surveyor,
of 39, Parolles-road, Highgate, and Sarah Ann Bolton, forty-four,
described as a “chaperone," of 55, Bernard-street, Russell-square, were
charged with being concerned together in unlawfully taking away a child,
aged eight months, named Phyllis Massey Baker, from the custody of its
parent, Mr. Godfrey Baker. Mr. Louis Nutting, of Lincoln's-inn-fields,
solicitor to Mr. Godfrey Baker, said the defendant Bolton called at his
office on July 17th and had an interview with him. She admitted to him
that she had no right to detain the child, but said Mr. Baker, who had
agreed to pay her £4 a week for its keep and for defraying the expenses
of a French nurse, owed her a lot of money. Cross-examined, the witness
said he believed the two defendants had conspired together to keep the
child after a demand had been made for it to be given up, in order to
extort money. He was not aware that Mr. Baker was very much in debt. He
understood that he was in debt, but had means to meet his liabilities.
Mr. Baker had property in Ireland, and negotiations were pro-proceeding
for its sale. Mr. Godfrey Hugh Massey Baker, an independent gentleman,
of 29, South Norwood-hill, said he first became acquainted with the
female defendant through the recommendation of Miss Baker. Miss Baker
was his cousin, and was the mother of the child. The accouchement took
place at Acacia-road, St. John's-wood. He rented this house, Mrs.
Bolton taking it in her own name. Bolton then carried on a business as
hair-dresser, &c., in a shop in New Bond-street. Witness, who was
twenty-four years of age, went, after the birth of the child, to
Honfleur with Miss Baker, and Mrs. Bolton accompanied them. At the end
of April last they left Honfleur for the Isle of Man, and there he made
an arrangement to pay Mrs. Bolton £4 a week. This included the
engagement of Francoise Taoc, a French nurse. He had paid the money 
up to July 8th. About that time, he intended to go with
Miss Baker to California to start life afresh, and he told Mrs. Bolton
that if she accompanied them she would be paid £200 a year. Prior to
this he had found her in food, lodgings and clothes. Mrs. Bolton soon
afterwards returned to London from the Isle of Man without his
knowledge, and placed herself in communication with his solicitor. Since
then he and Miss Baker had not been able to regain custody of the child.
Cross-examined: He paid £100 for Mrs. Bolton's clothes because she
agreed to go to California. Mrs. Bolton lived at Acacia-road for some
time and kept his house. Witness supplied her with money for
housekeeping. He was not aware that she spent the money that she reaped
from her business in keeping up the house. He had known O'Callaghan for
some time, and first introduced him to Mrs. Bolton. He had certain
communications with O'Callaghan with reference to his (witness's)
divorce proceedings. He was not aware that the child had never left 55,
Bernard-street. Every time he called he was told that Mrs. Bolton had
left. Sergeant Hamilton, E Division, said he was pre- sent at a
restaurant in Chancery-lane when Mr. Baker and O'Callaghan had an
interview. He heard O'Callaghan, who did not know he was present, say
that "if he began he would upset the whole arrangement." Witness had
made inquiries as to the whereabouts of the child. He called at
Bernard-street, but could get no information. Inspector Wakeford deposed
that on July 22nd the police were first communicated with, with
reference to the case, O'Callaghan when arrested said, "I know I have
done wrong, but there was this justification. Mrs. Bolton called at my
house and said she was going to give up the child, and should not see
the Bakers any more. There was no way of making the Bakers pay but by
detaining the child. I shall not tell you where the child and madame are
without an order from the magistrate. Mr. Baker, recalled, said he had
an arrangement with Mr. O'Callaghan with reference to his (Mr. Baker's)
divorce proceedings. The threat of O'Callaghan, at the interview in the
restaurant in Chancery-lane, to "upset matters" referred to that
arrangement. Mr. Rose committed the accused for trial at the Central
Criminal Court, allowing bail. Mr. Geoghegan asked that his client
should have the custody of the child. Mr. Rose said he had no power to
order that the child should be given up. He believed the police had the
custody of it. Mr. Terrell: If the child is given up we shall not see
the prosecutor again. Mr. Geoghegan: We are bound over to prosecute in
the sum of £40.
