The London Coffee and Eating-house Keepers' Benevolent Association.

The twenty-first annual meeting of the above-named association was held
last Monday evening, at the Freemasons' Tavern, Great Queen-street. The
attendance was not very numerous. Mr. Lawson, of High-street,
Whitechapel, the president of the association, was called to the chair.

The report of the association was then read by the SECRETARY, from which
it appeared that the sum of £3,533 17s. 11d. was invested in the Funds;
that the receipts for the present year were about £200, and the
expenditure of the society £130. The annual dinner of the society was
held in April last, at which Mr. Alderman and Sheriff Allen presided,
supported by distinguished friends of the institution. The Chairman gave
the liberal sum of £10 10s.; the Morning Advertiser, twelfth donation of
£10 10s.; Mr. Peirse, £5 5s.; an excursion by railway to Broxbourne,
which took place on Tuesday last, will prove a source of profit. It also
appeared from the report, that the sum of 5s. per week is paid to each
pensioner on the society's funds.

Mr. STAINES proposed, and Mr. DELLY seconded, that Mr. Baker be the
president for the ensuing year, which was agreed to unanimously.

Mr. ELDRED was appointed vice-president. That gentleman returned thanks
for the honour the association had done him by his election. His best
efforts would be devoted to its advancements.

The appointment of the committee was the next business of the meeting.
Three gentlemen retired by rotation, and three by absence a certain
number of times from the meetings.

Mr. WISEDALE proposed that the auditors be re-elected.

The motion was duly seconded.

Mr. SHERWOOD, one of the auditors, declined re-election, on which

Mr. Statham was proposed by Mr. KIRTON and seconded by Mr. HARDY, and
carried nem. con.

Mr. WISEDALE proposed the re-election of Mr. Rogers as secretary; Mr.
GROOMBRIDGE seconded the motion, which was carried.

The alteration of rules in reference to the admission of members was the
next subject. An admission fee of ten shillings, which had at the last
meeting been reduced from two guineas, was proposed by Mr. SHERWOOD,
seconded by Mr. WISEDALE, and carried.

An alteration in reference to the age at which members should receive
relief from the funds was also agreed to. The age of sixty instead of
fifty years being substituted.

Several gentlemen addressed the meeting on the prospects of the society,
suggesting plans for increased usefulness.

A motion was made for the increase of the secretary's salary from £15 to
£25, which was carried unanimously.

The thanks of the meeting were then voted to the chairman, and the
meeting separated.
