THE CONDEMNED CONVICT SAUNDERS.

(Latest Particulars.)

CHELMSFORD, FRIDAY.

Yesterday the acting deputy-sheriff, T. M. Gepp, Esq., received
information that the grandfather of this culprit died while labouring
under insanity. It has already been stated that the convict's mother
died a lunatic; and, from the indefatigable exertions of Mr. Gepp, a
mass of information has been collected and forwarded to the Home
Authorities since the receipt of the reprieve, which expires on Tuesday
next. The result of these inquiries has induced Lord Palmerston to
authorize two physicians of eminence, and experienced in cases of
lunacy, to proceed to Springfield Gaol, and yesterday they arrived, and
made a minute examination of the state of the prisoner's mind, but, of
course, their opinions were not publicly expressed. They will make a
special report forthwith to the Home Secretary of State, and upon that
document, the ultimate fate of the criminal will depend on Wednesday
next. Among other information obtained by Mr. Gepp is some from the
market gardeners of Mortlake, where, it seems, the prisoner was known as
"Silly Charley Saunders," and was flippant and idiotic at times,
although at others he was a steady workman. He appears to have a great
aversion to Irishmen, and labours under the delusion that they entertain
feelings of revenge towards him in consequence of his having posted some
placards respecting Cardinal Wiseman. The culprit himself, since his
condemnation, has related to the chaplain and surgeon of the gaol
several acts of violence (or supposed acts) which he declares he has
been guilty of. While at work for Mr. Hoare, the brewer, he states that
he struck at an Irishman with a sickle in the night, under the
impression that the latter would murder him; he also says that he
attacked two costermongers and a policeman on Woolwich Common with a
knife, but none of these assertions can be traced to have any truthful
foundation in them. The opinion of Mr. Gibson, the surgeon of the gaol,
is, that he is insane on these points; he also expressed his belief that
he is entitled to £1,000, which he wishes to be shared between his own
sister and the widow of the unfortunate Mr. Toller, who he still
maintains he killed in self defence, despite the religious exhortations
and persuasive reasonings of the Rev. Mr. Hamilton. In addition to
following the occupation of market gardening the convict has been to
Africa as cook in a trading vessel, and also been employed in various
barges and fishing smacks. It is the general opinion of the local
authorities, that Lord Palmerston's determination will not be known
before Monday next.
