CENTRAL CRIMINAL COURT.

OLD COURT.

(Before the Recorder.)

THE CASE OF MR. WADE.

Mr. Beasley, who is instructed to prosecute is this case on behalf of
the Treasury, applied to the court to postpone the trial, on the ground
that one of the witnesses was ill and unable to attend.

Mr. F. H. Lewis, who appeared for the prisoner, said he had no objection
of the postponement.

The trial will consequently stand over to the July session.

Benjamin Everett, 42, a respectable-looking man, described as a printer,
was charged with receiving a quantity of leather and other articles, the
property of George William Shelton.

Mr. Orridge prosecuted; Mr. M. Chambres, Q.C., was specially retained,
with Mr. F. H. Lewis, for the defence.

The prosecutor in this case is a boot and shoe maker, carrying on
business at 14, Chrisp-street, Poplar; and on the night of the 22nd of
August last year his house was broken into and a quantity of boots and
some kid skins, to the value of about 50l., were stolen. Since that time
a man named Simpson was tried for the robbery. A man named Yates, who
has been sentenced to ten years’ penal servitude, was also concerned in
the robbery, and from information which the man Yates has given since
his conviction, the prosecutor went to the house of the prisoner
Everett, in company with two officers, and having told him that his
warehouse had been broken open, and described the goods which had been
stolen, asked the prisoner if he had bought some boots and shoes of man
named Yates. The prisoner said he did not know anyone of that name, and
never bought any boots of him in his life, and denied altogether having
bought any goods of the description lost. The convict Yates was examined
as a witness, his being the principal evidence. He stated that on the
night of the 22nd August last the prosecutor’s house was broken into,
and some boots and shoes stolen, which were brought to his house by the
man Simpson, who was accompanied by two other men known as “Velveteen”
and “Scotch Dick.” They were brought in a cart at about 1 o’clock in the
morning. He took them to the prisoner’s house and told him he had got
something that would suit him, and showed him the goods, and the
prisoner asked what he wanted for them, and Simpson, who was with him,
said 30l. The prisoner said that was too much, and offered 20l for them.
Simpson, however, agreed to take 23l., and the bargain was completed,
and the witness (Yates) received a sovereign for his trouble. The
prisoner asked whose they were and Yates told him they had come from
Shelton’s. The main point, however, relied upon by the prosecution was
the fact of the prisoner having denied all knowledge of the man Yates
when questioned by the prosecutor, it being alleged on the part of the
prosecution that they were well acquainted with each other.

Mr. Chambers made an earnest appeal to the jury on behalf of the
prisoner, and he contended that the charge rested entirely upon the
evidence of the man Yates, who, he said, was upon his own showing a
witness entirely unworthy of belief. He also called witnesses to prove
that on the night spoken to by the witness Yates he was engaged in
sitting up with a sick person name Kendrick.

The Recorder having summed up, the jury retired to deliberate upon their
verdict, and after being absent about twenty minutes they returned into
court and gave a verdict of Guilty.

Evidence was then given that the prisoner was convicted of felony in
this court. The conviction, it appeared, took place as far back as the
year 1847, and the offence was stealing a purse.

There were several other charges of a similar nature against the
prisoner, but as Mr. Chambers objected to their being tried by the same
jury, and no other jury was in attendance in consequence of there being
three courts sitting, it was arranged that the other charges should
stand over.

Henry Kitt, 18, pleaded guilty to two charges of forging the signatures
to Post-office money orders, and he was sentenced to eighteen month’s
hard labour.

John Lewis, 19, pleaded guilty to a charge of forging an order for the
delivery of a banker’s cheque book, and he was also sentenced to eighteen
month’s hard labour.

Julius Lowet, a Frenchman, pleaded guilty to an indictment charging him
with stealing a gold watch and chain and a considerable sum of money.

Mr. Pater, who appeared for the prosecution, informed the court that the
prisoner took up his adobe at an hotel in Golden-square, and the
prosecutor was also a guest at the same hotel. During the night the
prisoner got into his room and stole everything he could lay his hand
on, actually removing the railway rug of the prosecutor, which he had
placed under his pillow to raise it higher.

The prisoner was sentenced to eighteen months' hard labour.