COMMISSION OF LUNACY ON MR. B. Crowther, Comedian.

On Monday an inquisition under a writ de lunatico inquirendo was taken
at the Bridge House Hotel, London Bridge, before Mr. Commissioner
Winslow, and fifteen special jurors, relative to the state of mind of
Benjamin Crowther, aged twenty-nine, the well-known comedian and
equestrian, formerly of Astley’s who, a few months since, was married to
Miss Vincent, of the Victoria Theatre, and a few days after became in
what tow appears to be a hopeless state of insanity.

The commission had issued under the petition of Mr. Charles Crowther,
brother of the unfortunate gentleman. In its support appeared Mr.
Roberts as counsel, instructed by Mr. C. V. Lewis, of Belford-row, and
Mr. Petersdorff to watch the proceedings on behalf of Mrs. Crowther
(Miss Vincent).

Prior to the commencement of the proceedings the unhappy subject of the
inquiry was present; but from his violent manners and language, calling
for pistols and the aid of the War-office “to batter down the house, and
destroy his murderous enemies," &c., it was found necessary to induce
him to retire.

Mr. Roberts, in stating the case to the jury, gave a history of Mr.
Crowther's theatrical career at Astley's, up to the latter end of 1851,
when he went to the Victoria Theatre, which belonged to Miss Vincent,
and on the 14th of February following he was married to Miss Vincent, at
Lambeth Church. He was then in full health. After the ceremony they
proceeded to Brighton, where they remained but a few days, when Mr.
Crowther was attacked with fever, and became deranged; and although it
was at first thought he would recover, it had been found necessary to
send him to Mr. Baker's Asylum, Cambers well, and subsequently to the
White House Asylum, Bethnal green, where he remained for nearly five
months, but was now at home with his father, at 28, Stangate; his mind,
however, continued in the same deranged state.

Mr. Charles Crowther, brother of the alleged lunatic, said that the
latter and himself had always lived together at their father's house.
His brother was at Astley's fifteen or sixteen years. He took an
engagement at the Victoria Theatre in November, 1851. He held a good
position at Astley's. When he went to the Victoria in 1851 he had a
"starring engagement," with his own horses. He was married on the 14th
February, 1862, to Eliza Ann Vincent, sole lessee of the Victoria
Theatre. He was perfectly sane at that time, and had always been so
previously. Miss Vincent's daughter, Beatrice, was present at the
marriage. On the 16th February he received a letter from his brother
(produced), indicating that he was in his previous sound state of mind.
On the following Friday witness saw him at his house in Barkham-terrace,
opposite Bethlem. He was looking melancholy and wild, shook his head,
would not answer, and after looking about as though he was afraid of
something, said somebody was listening in the next room, and told
witness to go. His wife said she had been obliged to buy a new bedstead,
at the expense of £10, because he said he was afraid to sleep on the
same bedstead as Osbaldiston, for fear he should be murdered. She said
he was taken ill in the middle of the night of Tuesday, when he jumped
out of bed, rushed to the washing stand, and threw cold water over his
head. Up to that time he had betrayed no symptom of insanity, and had
been perfect happy. At present he fancied someone is murdering his
father mother, and the rest of the family.

Cross-examined by Mr. Petersdorff: Benjamin Crowther had two or three
falls, but never to affect his head.

Medical and other evidence as to the unfortunate man's insanity having
been adduced, the jury returned an unanimous verdict— “That Benjamin
Crowther is now of unsound mind, is incapable of managing himself and
his affairs, and has be so since the 18th February, 1852,"

The inquiry excited the utmost interest, and many theatrical and private
friends of the lunatic and family were present.
