SCOTLAND.

DARING THEFT OF £175 FROM A BANK COUNTER. —A Mr. Forrester, baker,
Gordon-street, proceeded to the Royal bank, shortly before the time of
closing, to lodge a sum of money. Having counted out 175l. in large
notes he placed them in a bundle on the telling-table, and was about to
count out some small notes to make up the sum he wished to lodge, when a
party asked him if he could give him a 5l. note for live 1l. notes. This
he was about to do, when, on turning round, he saw, or thought he saw, a
hand hastily drawn from the counter, and when he looked more
particularly, found to his surprise that his bundle of 175l. had
disappeared. He then observed a smart little fellow hastily leaving the
bank, whom he at once suspected of the theft, and whom he immediately
followed. On getting to the street, however, the fellow had turned the
corner before Mr. Forrester could give the alarm. The daring thief
consequently escaped but we hope only to be captured. Information was at
once given to the police, but as yet we have not heard of any traces of
the rascal having been found. —Glasgow Journal.

COOL APPROPRIATION. —A "gentleman," dressed in tip-top fashion, arrived
at the Golden Lion hotel, Stirling, driving a gig which he had hired in
Alloa. Having partaken of refreshment and otherwise made himself
comfortable, he informed Mr. Campbell, the hotel keeper, that as he had
to visit a gentleman in the neighbourhood, and as his gig was a little
dusty, he would avail himself of the use of one of Mr. Camp bell's
machines, with which he would return in an hour or so, when he would pay
for the conveyance and return to Alloa. He accordingly got possession of
a horse and gig to visit his friend, but has not since returned. It has
been ascertained that the fellow, in company with an accomplice whom he
had picked up about the outskirts of the town, drove on to Falkirk,
where he changed horses at the Red Lion hotel, and drove on through
Linlithgow into Edinburgh, where he has in the meantime been lost sight
of. He has thus succeeded in victimising Mr. Campbell of a gig, and Mr.
Scott, of Falkirk, of a horse, and what is still more wonderful, he
travelled the whole way from Alloa to Linlithgow without paying a single
toll having at each bar represented that he would pay on returning, thus
managing to do the toll-keepers. — Stirling Journal.
