CURIOUS CHARGE OF ABDUCTION.

On Thursday Frederick Martin, soldier, was indicted at the Old Bailey
for misdemeanor, in having unlawfully taken a girl named Charlotte
Foster, under the age of 16 years, from the custody and control of
Charlotte Foster, her mother. –The defendant was a private in the
Coldstream guards, and was stationed at Wellington barracks. The
prosecutrix was the daughter of a poor widow, who occupied a house, the
back windows of which looked into the barrack-yard, and the evidence,
went to show that the young woman was constantly in the habit of looking
out of the window, and holding communication with the soldiers. The
prisoner appeared to have formed an intimacy with her, and he repeatedly
asked her to go away from her home. At length he wrote her the following
letter:--

My dearest little darling, —I will meet you at the place appointed at
nine o'clock. Bring all that you can with you, but do not let any one
see you, or they will follow you. You cannot believe how much I love
you. —From your own loving lover, F. MARTIN.

Then followed a number of crosses for kisses. In consequence of this
letter, the prosecutrix, who it appeared was only 14 years of age,
packed up all the clothes she possessed, and met the prisoner and
accompanied him to a brothel in Old Pye-street, where she remained with
him all night. Under these circumstances the present charge was
preferred. –Charlotte Foster, the mother of the prosecutrix, was called
to prove that the young girl had been taken away without her knowledge
or consent. She admitted, in cross-examination, that her daughter was
not a good girl. She had, in the first instance, charged her daughter
with robbing her of a shawl, which she took away with her at the time
she joined the prisoner. –Charlotte Foster, the young girl who is the
subject of the present charge, was then called, and she stated that the
prisoner was constantly professing the greatest love for her, and asking
her to go away with him, and she said that she at length consented to do
so, of her own free will and accord. In cross-examination she admitted
that she had been once to the canteen at the barracks, and that she had
occasionally looked out of the window into the barrack-yard, and kissed
her hand to the soldiers. She also admitted that she had walked out with
other. soldiers besides the prisoner. She also stated that she never
told the prisoner what her age really was, and she certainly had the
appearance of being older than 14. –Mr. De Michele, for the defence,
contended that the act done by the prisoner was not the one contemplated
by the statute. The jury found the prisoner Guilty" but recommended him
to mercy on account of the previous conduct of the girl. —The learned
Judge, after observing that it was well that the prisoner and others in
a similar position should' know that acts of this description amounted
to a serious criminal offence, sentenced him to a month's imprisonment.
