ALLEGED MURDER ON LONDON-BRIDGE.

Mr. Payne resumed, at Guy's hospital, an inquiry touching the death of
Ann Pettigrew, who, it is alleged, was murdered by her husband on
London-bridge. –Mr. Thomas Gore, clerk to the Lord Mayor, said that on
hearing of the occurrence, he had attended at the bedside of Mrs.
Pettigrew at the hospital. She made a statement, in which she said that
while walking over London-bridge her husband kept pushing her, and
finally thrust her under the wheel of a brewer's dray. Her leg was
crushed, and she was taken away in a cab. Her husband had left her six
times, and was now living with another woman. She declared that he
pushed her purposely under the dray. –Corroborative evidence having been
given, the jury returned a verdict of "Manslaughter" against James
Pettigrew, and the Coroner, who concurred in the verdict, issued a
warrant for his arrest.

On Wednesday the accused, James Pettigrew, 32, described as a cooper,
was brought up at Guild- hall, and charged with having caused the death
of his wife. The evidence was merely formal, it being simply proved that
on the previous evening the prisoner was arrested on the Lord Mayor's
warrant, by Enoch Emery, City detective officer, at King's-cross
station. In answer to the charge, he remarked that he was never more
surprised than when he read the account of the inquest; and that he was
going to consult a solicitor in the matter. Upon him 3l. 16s, 10d. and
other articles were found, and he was in company with a woman with whom
it was stated he had been living. He added that he had only been in
London a very short time. –Mr. Oke, the chief clerk, read the deposition
of a drayman named Webber, in the service of Messrs. Hoare and Co., in
which he stated that on the evening of the 30th of October, while
driving over London-bridge, he saw a tall man (the prisoner is six feet
high) push a woman with both hands into the roadway. He pulled up at
once, but the dray crushed the woman's side against the kerb. –Mr.
Alderman White, impressing upon the prisoner, whose manner was somewhat
callous, the gravity of the charge, remanded him.
