THE PEACE SOCIETY.

The annual meeting of this society was held on Tuesday night in Finsbury
chapel, Moorfields, Mr. J. W. Pease, M.P., presided, and among the other
M.P.'s present were Sir Wilfrid Lawson, Bart., Messrs. George Palmer,
Lewis Fry, A, M. Sullivan, and Henry Richard. The latter gentleman read
the report, which denounced in strong terms the "spirited foreign
policy" of the Government, as did all the following speakers. Sir
Wilfrid Lawson, in a speech which elicited much laughter, said there was
a Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals, but when a man was
the cause of the loss of thousands of human lives, the Queen made him an
earl, and people sent their pennies to present him with a golden laurel
wreath. The official representatives of the people in Parliament had
approved of the foreign policy of the Government, but whatever the
people thought now the day would come when the nation at large would
speak out, and it would be no distant day when Lord Granville and Mr.
Gladstone would be called back to power. The meeting by resolution
rejoiced that the peace concluded at Berlin brought to an end one of the
most destructive wars on record, but deplored the policy of menace and
military preparation adopted by our own Government before going into the
Congress. The meeting desired also to record its solemn protest against
the wars in Afghanistan and in South Africa, as utterly incapable of
justification on any principle of justice or humanity. The last
resolution passed by the meeting was as follows: --“That this meeting
approves the course taken by the committee of the Peace society in
sending a deputation to Berlin, to bring the question of arbitration
before the Congress of the Great Powers, assembled in that city to
negotiate the terms of peace; and while rejoicing that the principle
embodied in the Protocol of Paris of 1856 has been re-affirmed, regrets
that some further steps were not taken by that august body to recognise
in a more distinct and authoritative form the duty of civilized nations
to have recourse to peaceable means of settling their disputes, instead
of appealing to the sword."
