LATEST ASSIZE TRIALS.

OXFORD.

The calendar was light to an unprecedented degree, and contained the
names of only three prisoners. One was convicted of an unnatural
offence, the second was convicted of several burglaries, and sentenced
to four years’ penal servitude, and the third pleaded “Guilty” to an
assault. The latter prisoner was subject to epileptic fits, and was
going out one morning to put up the banns for his marriage with a young
woman similarly afflicted. The mother said she had something in her
pocket which would keep him at home, upon which the prisoner took up a
brush and threw it at his mother, and struck her on her forehead and
made it bleed. The father, in a passion, rent for the police, and the
prisoner was sent to prison, where he had remained since the month of
March last. Having pleaded “Guilty,” Mr. Baron Alderson ordered him to
be discharged, on his entering into his own recognisances to be of good
behaviour for three years.

THE QUEEN V. BENSON (CLERK). —A CLERGYMAN RE-MARRYING. –This was an
indictment which charged the Rev. Richard Meux Benson, perpetual curate
of Cowley, near Oxford, with a felony, in marrying two persons, who were
already man and wife, without licence. The indictment had been found at
the last assizes, but had been removed certiorari, and now came down to
be tried on the civil side of the court. The indictment had been
preferred at the instance of the government, in consequence of the
practice which a portion of the clergy have recently adopted, of
recommending their parishioners who had been married under the
Dissenters Marriage act to be remarried according to the rites of the
church of England. In reviewing the case, the judge said Mr. Benson was
liable to the reprehension of his bishop, if the bishop thought he had
done an unwarrantable act; but the question was one for the family
jurisdiction of the bishop, and not a case to be brought into a court of
justice. His lordship therefore advised the jury to find the prisoner
not guilty; in point of law it was no offence. –The jury complied, and
the prisoner was discharged.
