THE MYSTERIOUS MURDER AT CARLTON.

On Thursday, at the Nottingham assizes, John Watson, twenty-eight,
cottager, and Mary Watson, thirty-one, his wife, were charged with the
wilful murder of Henry Raynor, at Carlton, on the 17th November last.
The prisoners pleaded "Not guilty." —Mr. Boden opened the case a great
length, and then proceeded to call witnesses.

Ann Raynor, widow of the murdered man, stated that at Lady day last her
husband had a house at Carlton, and on the same day a portion of it was
sublet to John Watson. There was a scullery attached to the house, with
a copper in it. This copper the Watsons had no right to use. Witness's
husband left Carlton to come to live at Nottingham in September last. On
the 17th November last her husband left home a little after four to go
to Carlton. He had a stick and a mat-basket with him. He had a white
felt hat on, which he bought of Mr. Simpson at Nottingham. He had his
gold watch and chain with him at the time. He was a light small man.
When witness and her husband were at Carlton they had many annoyances,
from whom she did not know. She mentioned the matter to the prisoners,
and set a watchman, and then the annoyances stopped. Her husband was an
accountant.

Other witnesses deposed that deceased said he was going to Watson's, and
their evidence traced him from step to step in that direction, and one
of them saw him going into Watson's yard as a quarter-past five in the
afternoon. Shortly before eight o'clock his body was found on the
adjoining railway, lying across the metals. There was a train due at
eight o'clock, and the previous train had passed at 5.17. One witness
had been on the spot where the body was found at seven o'clock, and it
was not there then. Mrs. Watson had admitted that deceased was at the
house at half-past six. The medical evidence was to the effect that
death had been caused by strangulation. Footmarks near the spot were
proved to correspond with the male prisoner's boots. Superintendent
Palethorpe asked Watson to show him all the boots he had. The prisoner
pretended to do so, but another pair was afterwards found. There were
several dark spots on the boots last found, and Mr. Palethorpe said,
“What's that?” Prisoner replied, "It isn't blood, is it?” Nothing had
been previously and about blood. Mr. Palethorpe examined the prisoner's
premises, and found spots of blood on a gate in Cleaver's field, near
where the body was found. On examining the field next morning he
discovered footmarks, which he covered up, and from Aslin's orchard he
found footmarks along the way up to Watson's house. On a tree a bough
was broken, and there was the appearance of some one having gone through
a gap which was close by. In the field where the gap was the grass was
all bent one way, an if something had been dragged down to the railway.
There was a heelmark in Smith's field which he compared with one of
prisoner's boots, and it corresponded. In another part of the field
there a toemark, which corresponded with the prisoner's other boot.
Witness found a lilac dress in prisoner's house very much stained with
blood, which Mrs. Watson said had been done when they were making black
puddings. Witness produced a white canvas bag which had been taken from
the female prisoner, and which was supposed to have belonged to Raynor.

The inquiry was then adjourned till Friday, when Mrs. Tomlinson, the
mother of the female prisoner, was called, and stated that the bag in
question was one that she had made long ago for Mrs. Watson. The counsel
for the defense held that the prosecution had not sustained the charge
against the prisoners. The judge, in summing up, said that the case was
involved in great mystery, and the jury must arrive at their verdict,
from a consideration of the evidence which had been given. After
sometime the jury gave in a verdict of "Not guilty." This verdict was
received with applause, and thousands of persons waited outside the
court to cheer the Watsons as they regained their freedom.
