AN OUTRAGEOUS CASE.

RIGG V. LOVERING, AND OTHERS. —This was an action for breaking and
entering the plaintiff's shop and carrying away his goods, tried in the
Court of Exchequer on Thursday. —The plaintiff carried on the business
of a draper in Chapel-street, Somerstown, and the defendants were
Messrs. Lovering and Minton, accountants, Gresham-street, and two other
persons, named Quinn and Lambert. In October last, while the plaintiff
was absent, his premises were entered and the whole of his goods carried
away in two or three vans. He ascertained that the illegal act had been
committed at the instance of Messrs. Lovering and Minton, who had been
employed by Messrs. Ponsford and Southall, woollen merchants, in
Cannon-street, to try and get 30l. which the plaintiff owed them. The
circumstances appeared to be these. Rowe, a servant of Ponsford and
Southall, consulted Lovering as to the means of procuring the money, and
the result was that Rowe, and Quinn and Lambert, two employés of the
accountants, went to the plaintiff's shop, and not finding him there,
and not being able to get payment, swept away the property in the manner
described. They were first traced to the accountants' offices, and next
to an auctioneer's warehouse in Little Britain, where they still
remained. The plaintiff had been proceeded against in bankruptcy by some
of his creditors, but the adjudication had been set aside with costs.
—Mr. Digby Seymour offered on the parts of the defendants to return the
goods and give some compensation to plaintiff for what he admitted was
an illegal proceeding. —Mr. Serjeant O'Brien agreed to accept the goods,
but required substantial damages. The parties, however, were unable to
agree on the amount, and the trial proceeded. —The defence was that
Lovering merely told Quinn and Lambert to try and get the money or the
goods, and did not request them to take away the property by force in
the event of not obtaining the money, and that in doing so they acted
contrary to his instructions. To show that this was the fact evidence
was given that on the goods being brought to his office he refused to
take them in, although he had plenty of room for the purpose, and
directed that they should be taken elsewhere. On the one side it was
said the goods were worth from 500l. to 700l.; on the other only worth
150l. or 180l. —Mr. Baron Bramwell, in summing up, said that he never
heard such an outrageous case in the whole course of his life, and he
could scarcely conceive that such a thing could occur in this commercial
community. There was no evidence against Minton, and a verdict would be
given in his favour; but there must be a verdict against Quinn and
Lambert. As to Lovering, they would have to say whether he was
responsible for the act in question. It certainly seemed inconceivable
that a sensible man of business should order Quinn and Lambert to remove
the goods by force if they could not get the money. With respect to the
damages, he said they should give damages for the outrage that had been
committed as well as for the value of the goods. —The jury retired to
consider their verdict. After a brief absence they gave a verdict
against Lovering, Quinn, and Lambert—Damages, 506l.
