A WELSH FARMER'S DIVORCE CAUSE.

The judge of the Divorce court and a special jury have had before them
the cause of "Powell v. Powell and Jones," which was a husband's
petition for a dissolution of his marriage on the ground of his wife's
intimacy with the co-respondent. Both the respondent and the
co-respondent answered, denying the charges. The trial commenced on
Saturday and was resumed on Wednesday. —Serjeant Ballantine said the
parties lived at Trecastle, and at the time of the marriage petitioner
was a small farmer, but was now a man in a good position. In 1855 he
married the respondent, who was a lady of superior position to him, but
there was no reason to suppose that the marriage was one of anything but
affection. They lived happily together until there was an occurrence
about a person named Reece, and after that there was a deed of
separation drawn up between the petitioner and the respondent, and they
lived apart, Mr. Powell allowing his wife 40l. to 50l. per annum. There
was no doubt that a considerable intimacy sprung up between the
respondent and the correspondent, and he visited her, and from what
occurred the petitioner had no alternative but to institute these
proceedings. The co-respondent was seen to visit the respondent late at
night. —The petitioner spoke to the facts attending his marriage and the
separation. His wife was well-connected, and was a relation of a former
sheriff of the county. —Cross-examined: Witness had no children by his
wife, and at his demise his money would descend to his brother's
children.

The evidence given on behalf of the petitioner, consisted of the
testimony of persons who saw the respondent and co-respondent often
together, and noticed Jones visiting the respondent at her house,
sometimes in the evening. One witness stated that he on one occasion
slept with the co-respondent, and in the night they got up, and Jones
went to Mrs. Powell's and then returned. —William Morgan, a
photographer, spoke of visiting Trecastle, and becoming acquainted with
the co-respondent, whom he twitted with being too intimate with Mrs.
Powell, and he did not deny it. This witness was introduced to the
respondent and took her likeness, and the co-respondent arranged her
dress.

The Attorney-general addressed the jury for the respondent, and stated
that the case was a difficult one to deal with, as there was no direct
evidence of the misconduct, and the jury were asked to draw inferences.
The petitioner was now a man worth thousands a-year, and he had no
children after seven years' cohabitation with his wife, and at his
demise the property would depart from his family. If he married again,
after obtaining a divorce, there might be issue. This, the learned
counsel suggested, was probably the explanation of the present suit
being instituted. Whilst the learned counsel was addressing the jury the
learned Judge stated that he had received a communication from the jury
to the effect that, in their unanimous opinion, there was no evidence of
adultery having been committed. This opinion Sir James Hannen said he
coincided with. —The petition was then dismissed with costs.
