MYSTERIOUS DEATH IN THE RIVER.

On Wednesday night Mr. Richards held an inquiry at the White Lion
tavern, High-street, Shadwell, on the body of Mr. Henry Canny, aged 60
years, who was alleged to have come to his death under suspicious
circumstances. –Mr. Henry Canny, an artist, residing at 97,
Devonshire-road, Holloway, stated that the deceased was his father. He
had been assistant clerk to the Board of Guardians at Birmingham and
Manchester, and was offered the situation of chief clerk to the Board,
at Manchester, but refused it on account of ill health. The deceased
afterwards entered the service of a Mr. Russell, at Gravesend, who,
having given up his house of business, had to discharge him. Witness had
not seen him for six months until he identified him in the dead house on
Sunday last. He had no idea that he had been in St. Luke's workhouse.
–Sarah Canny, widow of the deceased, deposed that she had been house
keeper to Mr. Russell, of Gravesend, where her husband was employed.
Four months ago he left her, for the purpose of coming to London to look
after a situation, and she never saw him alive again. He used often to
complain of his head, and said he wished the “Lord would take him away,
as he was tired of his life." –Henry Thatcher, porter at St. Luke's
workhouse, said that the deceased was admitted on the 8th of April,
describing himself as a clerk, and left on the 15th. On admission he
appeared in a destitute condition. He believed the reason he left was on
account of the guardians making an order for his removal to Ireland,
where he belonged. About two days after his admission to the house the
master seeing his capabilities, employed him as clerk in the office, and
upon his discharging himself gave him 5s. One of the clerks also gave
him 5s., and the master, having made an application to the board, the
guardians granted bim a new suit of black-clothes, which he had on when
he left the workhouse. He appeared quite happy when he left. —Mr. Canny,
the son, here stated that when he saw his father in the dead house he
had a severe wound on the top of the head over the eye, and upon making
inquiries since he had ascertained that his father had been seen down
Golden-lane on Tuesday week with bruises on his face and only a pair of
soldier's trowsers on. Witness believed that he had met with foul play,
as there was no evidence to show what had become of the clothes he had
received from the St. Luke's guardians. —John Myers, a waterman, of 12,
Harding-street, deposed finding the body of deceased floating in the
Thames off Rickett's wharf on Saturday. He searched the body, but found
no money. He was dressed in an old pair of soldier's trowsers. He saw
wounds on the head and face, but what they were caused by he could not
tell. —The Coroner admitted that there was a mystery in the case, but
thought the best course for the jury to pursue was to return an open,
verdict, so that the police might follow the case up. —The jury then
returned an open verdict, that "The deceased was found dead in the
waters of the River Thames, but how he came there was no evidence to
show."
