BRAWLING IN ST. PAUL'S.

At the Mansion-house on Monday, Herbert Percy Freund, a young man, who
has during the last two years been repeatedly before the court on a
similar charge, was brought up for brawling in St. Paul's Cathedral
during Divine service on Sunday evening and disturbing the congregation.
When the prisoner was placed in the dock, Mr. Green, the Dean's verger,
entered the witness box to give evidence. On seeing him the prisoner
frantic with passion, and declared before he began that everything he
would say would be false. He then, with great vehemence, said that the
Lord had said that He would redeem Jerusalem, and that all the ends of
the world should see His salvation. Therefore, he had been sent to speak
in His name to this degraded city.

Henry Carbery, an assistant verger at St. Paul's, said that on Sunday he
saw prisoner rise in the dome area during the sermon. He called the
preacher a liar, and said he was the son of the devil. He went up and
asked the prisoner to leave, and he bit him in the hand. His teeth-marks
were still visible on his hand. He caught the prisoner by the wrist, and
he then kicked him. A constable came to his assistance, and took
prisoner away.

The prisoner, who at this stage commenced a long prayer, was remanded.

On Friday the prisoner was again brought up, when Dr. Alfred Withers
Green said he had examined him, and certified him to be of unsound mind.
—The Prisoner: It is false. How could he certify? I did not answer him a
single word, and therefore how can he say I am of unsound mind? He has
nothing to go upon at all. –The Lord Mayor: I quite agree with the
medical officer. I shall order you to be sent away where you be taken
care of, and I hope you will soon regain your health. –Prisoner: It is a
false lie: it is wickedness. I have never been out of my mind. You do
not wish to hear God's Word, and therefore you say I am out of my mind.
They have said that about people before who have preached God's Word. I
have never done anything that was wrong, and I call upon God to help me.
–A person who said he had known the prisoner for some years entered the
witness-box, and wished to speak on behalf of Freund, but the Lord Mayor
refused to listen to him. –The prisoner clutched the bars of the dock,
and resisted the efforts of a warder and a policeman to take him to the
cells. He struggled violently, but was ultimately overpowered and taken
below, protesting loudly against his being certified as of unsound mind.
