THE STRAND ROBBERY.

On Friday, Jacob Castleberg and Reuben Hart were brought up for
re-examination, at Bow-street, on suspicion of being concerned in the
extensive robbery of watches from the premises of Mr. Jones, 338,
Strand, on the 9th of October last. —Harris Rubenstone, a German, who
could not speak English, but gave his evidence through an interpreter,
said, I know the prisoner Castleberg, and have worked for him in his
shop, at 6, Newcastle-street, Whitechapel. He is a watchmaker. I also
know the prisoner Hart. I remember Hart's coming to the shop on Monday
or Tuesday, last week, and bringing four silver watches to me, the same
as are now produced, in appearance. I did not open or examine the
watches. The prisoners had some conversation together, but they spoke in
English, and I did not understand what they said. The evidence against
Castleberg was then resumed. James Harley, a watch-plate engraver,
living in Back- church-lane, Whitechapel, said he had known Castleberg
about three months, during which time he had engraved names upon about
twenty watch plates for him. He usually brought witness the plates,
blank, and waited while the names were engraved. On looking at the
watches produced, he identified his own work upon three of them. He knew
nothing of the fourth watch, upon which the alleged alterations had
taken place. One of the watches produced is a lever, and it appears to
have two names engraved upon it, which is very unusual. —Mr. Jardine
thought, as there must be another remand, that it would be better to
defer the remaining evidence until the next examination. Hart might
enter into his own recognisances in 200l., and find two sureties in
100l. each; but he could not consent to admit Castleberg to bail. The
case was then remanded for another week.

___________________________

FATAL ACCIDENT ON THE RIVER.

On Friday afternoon, Mr. W. Baker held an inquest at the Marlborough
Head tavern, Fox's-lane, High-street, Shadwell, on view of the body of
Apsley Hopkins, aged forty-five years, who lost his life under the
following circumstances: —The deceased was a lighterman, and was usually
employed in navigating barges and other craft through the pool to the
upper part of the river. On Saturday evening, the 16th ult., the
deceased and other men were in charge of a vessel off Pickle
Herring-stairs, Horsleydown, and while in the act of turning the wind
lass the handle suddenly came off, and struck the de ceased on the head,
which knocked him overboard. Search was made for the body, which was not
recovered until Wednesday last, when a coalwhipper, named Barney, found
the deceased floating in the river, opposite Bell wharf, Shadwell. There
was a large wound on the fore head, and the body was much decomposed.
Two shillings in silver, and a few coppers, were found in his pockets,
together with a letter, whereby the identity of the deceased was
distinctly proved. —Mr. Alexander Henry, the surgeon of Wapping-wall,
said that the de ceased had an incised wound over the right eye, but the
body was in such a sad state that he could not speak with any certainty
as the precise cause of death. —Mr. Deverall, the beadle, stated that
the vessel had sailed for Harwich with the man who saw the accident, and
would not return for several weeks. —The jury, in the absence of legal
testimony, returned an open verdict of "Found dead in the river."
