POLICE INTELLIGENCE.

MANSION HOUSE.

A MYSTERY. –In the case of Mr. William. Cruikshank and Mr. Walter John
Turner, who attended before the Lord Mayor on Tuesday upon a criminal
information and summons, the reason of which did not publicly transpire,
Mr. Kemp, barrister, addressing the Court, said before the matter was
opened on the part of the prosecution he had an application to make. He
represented the defendants, who were gentlemen of respectability, and
this charge, as he believed, had been made against them to enforce the
payment of debts, while civil proceedings, with the same object, were
still pending and unsettled. Upon a charge of that nature the
defendants' mouths were closed, but in the civil proceeding they would
have full opportunity of giving their own explanation of the matter in
dispute. He did not wish to refer to the information upon which the
summonses had been granted, except to state that the defendants were
ready and anxious to explain everything alleged against them–and that
most satisfactorily. Looking to the fact that these civil proceedings
were still pending, and that in a short time the defendants would be
able to give their version of the circumstances upon oath, and to show
that they had acted with good faith, honour, and integrity, he asked the
Court to sanction such a reasonable adjournment of this criminal
information as the case would justify. Mr. Besley assented to the
proposal for an adjournment on the part of the prosecution. –The Lord
Mayor said as both sides desired a postponement of the case, he would
grant it, though if the facts stated. In the information were true, it
was not a matter for private settlement or compromise. He adjourned the
hearing of the summons until Feb. 17, and admitted the defendants to
bail in the meantime, each. In the sum of 1,000l.

GUILDHALL.

A RUFFIAN. —Samuel Jackson, a chimney-sweep, of 9, Blue Hart-court,
Little Bell-alley, was summoned for assaulting Eliza Stewart. The
complainant said that she had lived with the defendant for five years as
his wife. He had brutally ill-treated her and she had left him three
times. He first seduced her under the promise of marriage, and every
time she left him he induced her to go back again under a promise of
marriage. On Monday last, after knocking her down, he threw her and her
infant in arms out of doors, and she had since lived upon what the
neighbours had given her. Some time ago he knocked her down and struck
her on the side of the head just after she had been confined. She felt
the effects of the assault even now. Mr. Pratt, who defended the case,
said he would not cross-examine the witness if he could help it, as it
would only embitter the feelings of the parties. He would suggest that
the defendant, instead of going into the grievances he had against the
complainant, should agree to allow her 10s. per week. —Sir Thomas Dakin
thought that was not sufficient for a woman and three children. Two of
the children were entitled to 5s. a week and one to 2s. 6d., and the
woman ought to have something for herself. Eventually the defendant
offered to pay 12s. 6d. a week and tendered a sovereign. Sir Thomas
Dakin consented to an adjournment, but ordered the whole sovereign to be
given to the complainant for her immediate wants.

MARLBOROUGH-STREET.

EXTRAORDINARY CHARGE OF ROBBERY. —Carver Remington, a young American,
giving his address the New Palace hotel, Buckingham-gate, was charged
with stealing a gold watch, of the value of 6l., the property of Mrs.
Annie Mendoza, of 51, Haymarket, cigar shop keeper. —The prosecutrix
said about 20 minutes past 12 the previous night the prisoner came into
her shop and began quarrelling with some men. She got the prisoner out,
and missed her gold watch, which she had safe at the time. She asked a
constable to take the prisoner into custody, and the constable asked her
whether she would charge him with stealing the watch. She said no, but
that she would charge him on suspicion, and the constable said that that
being so he could not take him, and the prisoner went away, but came
back, and then, from what she heard he was given into custody. Mr.
Grossman, living in the same house, proved seeing the prisoner make a
snatch at the prosecutrix's watch while she was putting him out of the
house. He went after the prisoner, and told him he had got the watch,
and the prisoner said, "Is it yours?” He replied, "No, Mrs. Mendoza's."
The prisoner went away, and he afterwards saw the prisoner at the
station. —Police-constable Frith, 14 C R, said on his way to the
station, the prisoner, who had been drinking, said it was the first
time. –In reply to Mr. Newton, the constable said the prosecutrix was
very excited. —Inspector Hamblin said he understood there was a
tremendous row in the place. –The prosecutrix wished to state that
persons, thieves and prostitutes, came nightly to the place about the
same hour, for the purpose of making a disturbance, and accused her of
selling liquors and having robberies there. –Mr. Newton: When you were
summoned before me by the police you promised that you would give up the
place. –The prosecutrix said she intended to do so. —Mr. Newton: The
sooner the better. Shut the place up at once. You shall not keep a place
which, according to your own showing, is the resort of thieves and
prostitutes. –The prisoner was committed for trial. —Subsequently Mr. E
Lewis, of Marlborough-street, attended, having been unavoidably absent,
and asked that the prisoner might be remanded, stating that the prisoner
was well connected, and had means of his own, and that it was incredible
that a person in his position should have been guilty of such a robbery.
—Mr. Newton declined to accept bail.
