LATEST OLD BAILEY TRIALS.

THE ALLEGED OUTRAGE AT HIGHGATE. —Four young men, named George, Shannon,
Kingwell, and M'Carthy, were charged with feloniously wounding James
Fairweather, with the intent to murder him. —In this case it will be
recollected that the prosecutor had given evidence against the father of
the prisoner George upon some charge that was made against him, and it
was alleged that the offence now imputed to the prisoners was committed
out of revenge. The prosecutor and George met accidentally on the day
following the proceeding at Marlborough-street, and they went to a
publichouse and drank together; and M'Carthy came in and there was some
talk about fighting. The prosecutor was then induced to accompany George
and M'Carthy in a cab to Highgate, and it appeared that they were
followed by the other prisoners in another cab, and when he got out he
was set upon and assaulted in a most brutal manner, the injuries he
received being of such a character that his life was for some time
considered to be in danger. —The defence was that the prosecutor had
challenged a man named Brown to fight, and that he went to Highgate
willingly for that purpose, and that he rubbed his knuckles with gin at
a publichouse in Tottenham-court-road for the purpose of hardening them.
—Witnesses were called for the purpose of making out this defence. —The
jury found all the prisoners “Guilty” of wounding with intent to do
grievous bodily harm. It was proved that M'Carthy had been twice
summarily convicted of felony, and he had been several times convicted
of assaults upon different persons. The other prisoners appeared to have
previously borne very good characters. The prisoners George and M'Carthy
were sentenced to five years' penal servitude. The other two prisoners,
Kingwell and Shannon, were sentenced to 18 months' hard labour.

THE DESPATCH OF RIFLES TO FRANCE. —Thomas Arthur, a well-dressed young
man, described as a commission agent, appeared to his recognisances to
answer a charge of conspiring with one Ernest de Lusada, commonly called
the Count de Lusada, not in custody, to cheat and defraud one David
Forrest of the sum of 100l. —After the case for the prosecution, which
had reference to a transaction in rifles for the French Government, had
been opened, and some preliminary evidence adduced, the Recorder,
interposing, said emphatically that he could see nothing in either the
opening or the proof to support the charge, and unless other evidence
was forth- coming to substantiate it he should direct the jury to acquit
the defendant. —Mr. Ribton said that after that intimation from the
Bench he would withdraw from the prosecution. —Upon that the jury at
once Acquitted" the defendant, and he was discharged. —Mr. Metcalfe
applied to have the costs of the defence allowed, and the Recorder
granted the application.

THROWING A CORROSIVE FLUID. —Louis Gustave Droz, 38, watchmaker, a
native of Switzerland, was charged with throwing a quantity of
aquafortis upon Harriet Droz, with intent to do her grievous bodily
harm. This was a painful case. The prosecutrix was the wife of prisoner,
and they had been married for 18 years at the time the occurrence took
place. Owing, however, to the cruel treatment of the prisoner the
prosecutrix had applied to the Divorce court and obtained a decree of
judicial separation on the 10th of June this year. The prisoner appeared
to have constantly waylaid the prosecutrix, and annoyed her after she
had obtained the decree, and she never went out without having someone
to accompany her. On the 2nd of October, she had been to Dr. Cummings'
church, in Covent-garden, and when she came out she saw the prisoner,
and he went up to her, and she saw him drop his hand, and, at the same
moment, she smelt a strong smell, and found that her (prosecutrix's)
dress had been burned, and there was no doubt that the prisoner had
thrown a quantity of aquafortis, an ingredient which he was in the habit
of using in his trade as a watchmaker, upon the clothes of the
prosecutrix, but fortunately no part of her person was burned. —The
prisoner was 'Acquitted" on this charge, but was found "Guilty" of a
common assault. —The Judge sentenced the prisoner to eight months' hard
labour, and to enter into his own recognisances in 100l. to keep the
peace to- wards the prosecutrix for 12 months.
