TRIALS AT THE ASSIZES.

A FRAUDULENT BANKRUPT. —At Bristol assizes Mr. Justice Lopes sentenced
Benjamin Bond Nicholls, 39, shoemaker, to five years' penal servitude
for numerous acts of forgery and offences under the Bankruptcy Act. He
had for years been a chapel deacon.

A BLUNDERING JURYMAN. —At Liverpool assizes on Thursday, Francis Duffy,
a labourer, was indicted for the wilful murder of his wife. —During a
quarrel prisoner brutally struck the woman, and the injuries she thereby
sustained resulted in her death. –The jury were absent 15 minutes, and
on returning into court the foreman gave a verdict of "Wilful murder,"
and then, hastily correcting himself, said, "Oh no; ‘Not guilty.'
momentary pause, he added, "Guilty of Manslaughter," that being the
correct finding of the jury. –Sentence was deferred.

MANSLAUGHTER. –Two indictments for murder were disposed of at the
assizes at Swansea on Thursday. In one case, Jeremiah Mahoney, found
"Guilty" of the lesser crime of manslaughter, he having killed a married
woman named Morgan in a house of ill fame at Cardiff, was sentenced to
20 years' penal servitude; and a man named King was sentenced to 15
years' penal servitude on being found “Guilty” of the manslaughter of
his paramour, Elizabeth Bridley, at Merthyr Tydvil.

SENTENCE OF DEATH. –William Turner, a collier, charged at Liverpool
assizes with murdering his wife by kicking her to death at Skelmersdale,
was found "Guilty," and sentenced to death.

SERIOUS OFFENCE. —At the Liverpool assizes on Friday the Rev. Patrick
Pacificus Wade, a Roman Catholic priest of Darlington, was tried for
having committed a rape on Charlotte Henderson, five years of age, at
Prince's-park, Liverpool, on the 20th of last month. He was acquitted of
the more serious offence, but pleaded guilty to an indecent assault, and
was sentenced to two years' hard labour.

THE TREDEGAR RIOTS. —At the Monmouth assizes, on Thursday, six men who
pleaded "Guilty” to participation in the recent riot at Tredegar were
sentenced each to three months' hard labour.

THE ALLEGED ARSON BY A TRADESMAN. —At the Suffolk assizes, at Bury St.
Edmund's, on Friday, Simon Herbert T. Last, tobacconist, and Alfred
Tollidy, silversmith, were charged with causing a great fire on the 15th
June, at Bury St. Edmund's, when several business premises and the
County Club house were destroyed, the inmates of some of the houses
barely escaping with their lives, and damage was done to property to the
estimated amount of 15,000l, or upwards. Last, it was stated, was in
embarrassed circumstances, and had insured for 300l., while the value of
his stock was 30l, Tollidy had been mixed up with Last in money matters.
Baron Pollock did not call for Tollidy's defence, but discharged him.
The jury were locked up for four hours, and were then discharged without
agreeing to a verdict. Last was allowed out on bail until another
assize.
