MARYLEBONE.

THE POLICE AND THE PUBLIC. —A GENTLEMAN IN TROUBLE. —Henry William
Wells, aged 28, a gentleman, living at Westbourne-grove, Paddington, was
charged with resisting Police-constable Charles Rowe, 264 X, in the
execution of his duty, at Westbourne grove. He was further charged with
rescuing a prisoner from the lawful custody of the police at the same
time and place. —On Friday morning, about one o'clock, the constable had
occasion to speak to five disorderly prostitutes in Westbourne-grove,
and was obliged to take one of them into custody. Her companions tried
to get her away from the constable, and when he had got from 10 to 15
yards on the way to the police-station the defendant walked up, caught
hold of the constable by the collar, and said he should take him to the
station and charge him with being drunk. He pulled the constable into
the road and commenced pulling him about so much that he was compelled
to let the woman go. The defendant caught hold of the constable by the.
arm, and he ‘sprung his rattle for assistance. Another police-constable
and the serjeant ran to the spot and found the defendant holding the
constable. On being asked to account for his conduct he said the
constable was drunk, and he was going to take him to the station. He was
taken to the station, and it was found that the constable and defendant
were both sober. The defendant was then charged, and placed in the cells
until he could procure bail. —The defendant, in answer to the charge,
said he was proceeding home when he saw the constable handling a young
woman rather roughly, and ongoing to see what was the matter, he found
the constable was the worse for drink. He said he should take the
constable to the police-station, and they both walked towards the
station, when they met the serjeant, and he (defendant) was taken into
custody. —Mr. Mansfield said the defendant must have been mistaken, and
ordered him to pay a fine of 40s., or in default to be imprisoned for
one month. —The fine was immediately paid.

WESTMINSTER

STRIPPING A PENSIONER OF HIS MEDALS. —Jane Brown, described as an
"unfortunate," was charged with stealing four fighting medals from the
person of William Plumridge, a pensioner, residing at Missenden, in
Buckinghamshire. —The prosecutor said that he came from Buckinghamshire
on Tuesday, with another pensioner, for the purpose of attending the
local companies' drill. He met the prisoner and two other women, and
with his friend accompanied them to a publichouse, where they had some
beer. He had four medals on his breast, the Punjab, Delhi, China, and
the long service and good conduct medals, which a woman cut off and gave
him as he was going to put them on his uniform coat; he wrapped them in
a handkerchief and put them in his pocket, and finding the prisoner very
close to him in the street he warned her off; she, however, came closer,
and directly they parted he missed the medals and handkerchief, and went
after her, but lost her in a court. On Friday night he saw the prisoner
in a publichouse close to the spot where he was robbed, identified her,
and gave her into custody. —James Charles, another pensioner, confirmed
this witness's evidence. —Henry Royce, 242 B, proved that when he went
to apprehend the prisoner she ran away and concealed herself in the back
of a publichouse. He apprehended her, and on the female searcher
searching her the handkerchief was found in which the medals were
wrapped. —Prisoner said she had had the handkerchief a month and could
prove it. —Mr. Arnold remanded her.
