MURDER AND SUICIDE AT CHATHAM.

On Monday, at the Prince of Guinea tavern, Pier-road, Gillingham,
inquests were held by Mr. W. G. Harris, coroner, upon the bodies of John
T. Osborne, retired wheelwright and cab proprietor, aged 62 years, and
Mary Elizabeth Brenchley, aged 38, who had been living with the former
as his wife. No one saw the fatal injuries inflicted, but it appeared
that the parties had been quarrelling on Friday, the 13th inst. What
followed after an alarm was raised may be gathered from the following
evidence: –John Robert Osborne, smith and house agent, stated: Deceased,
John Thomas Osborne, was my uncle, and aged 62. On Friday evening at
about seven o'clock, in consequence of what I heard I went to his house
in company with Constable M'Farren. In the kitchen we saw Miss Brenchley
coming towards us. She had something wrapped round her neck. She pulled
it aside, and said, "Look here." She was covered in blood, and we got
her to a sofa, and called in two women. I asked where was Mr. Osborne,
and she replied, "I don't know." I went upstairs, and there saw Mr.
Osborne with his throat cut and blood oozing from the wound. He was dead
upon the floor. There were no signs of a struggle, and I have no doubt
whatever it was his own act. I next went into the back bedroom and there
saw the signs of a most desperate struggle. We then returned downstairs
and did what we could for the woman. I said, "Who did this?" She
replied, "I can't be bothered," and motioned me to keep back. Miss
Brenchley told others, "Osborne did it." –Constable McFarren gave
similar evidence, and Eliza Elliott and Maria Whitingham also stated
that the deceased woman had mentioned Osborne as the man who had wounded
her.

Doctors Buzzard and Hugo described the injuries to both the deceased,
leaving no doubt that Osborne had been the assailant, and that he had
subsequently committed suicide. It was also stated that Osborne was very
much depressed previous to the tragedy.

The coroner, in summing up, read two letters written by Osborne,
apparently just before the deed was committed. They contained statements
of a very rambling nature, setting forth that the woman had been
poisoning him and his child; that she had been unfaithful to him, and
had been, his ruin, for which he intended paying her out.

The jury ultimately returned a verdict to the effect that "Osborne had
murdered the woman, and had also committed suicide, whilst of unsound
mind."
