IRELAND.

MURDER BY A SOLDIER OF THE SLIGO RIFLES, –Saturday last, considerable
excitement prevailed in Sligo in consequence of the discovery that a
private of the Sligo rifles, named William Ferns, had inflicted
frightful injuries on the head and person of an unfortunate girl named
Ann Commons, which resulted in her death. The deceased and the prisoner,
who is a native of Ballymote, were walking in the plantation, and a
quarrel having taken place between them, the prisoner attacked the
wretched girl in a savage manner, and inflicted frightful wounds upon
her face and head with large stones, which were afterwards found on the
spot by the police, covered with blood. Ferns was formerly an inmate of
the Ballinasloe lunatic asylum; and it is stated that insanity will form
the ground of his defence at the assizes. The prisoner made a statement
to the following effect: – “I was irritated because she took a stone in
her hand, with which she struck me on the finger, and a person being out
of their mind, when they are irritated, they are worse than at other
times. I was two years out of my mind in Sligo gaol and Ballinasloe. I
had no stone at the time the witness said I had.” –A coroner’s jury have
returned a verdict of wilful murder.

HARVEST PROSPECTS. – This week opened under most favourable appearances.
The harsh wind which so long prevailed died away, and was succeeded by
copious rain and close heat. Nothing could be better for vegetation than
this change. The anxiety about the state of the crops will soon give way
under the influence of the present weather. However, the spring is
unusually late, and the great probability is the harvest will likewise
be a late one. On the whole the accounts from the country are more
cheering than otherwise. True, in some districts there appears to be an
undue amount of despondency produced by the lateness of the season, but
as it is an established fact that there is more than an average amount
of land under Stillage, it is premature to repine just yet.

Two SHOTS WERE FIRED AT A ME. H. G. STRONG, on the high road, near
Kilmore, in the county of Tipperary, on Saturday last; and a reward of
100%, for the apprehension of the offender has been offered by the
government.

The SETTLED ESTATES OF THE EARL OF KINGSTON were put up for public sale
on Monday in the in- cambered estates court, and several of the lots
adjourned for want of adequate biddings. Of those that were sold the
greater number went at rates under twenty years’ purchase.
