CLEVER CAPTURE OF BURGLARS.

Three determined-looking fellows, who gave the names of John Jones,
Robert Morris, and John Davies, but false addresses, were charged at
Lambeth police-court on Tuesday, with being concerned in breaking into
124, Loughborough-park, and stealing a coat value 2l. 2s., the property
of Henry Joseph Parks. Jones was further charged with stealing a brooch
from a room at 85. Geneva-road, Brixton. —The case showed the good
lock-out that police-officers have with regard to protection of the
public and property. On Monday afternoon, Detective Dalton, W, was
passing through Loughborough-park in plain clothes, when he noticed the
prisoners loitering about in front of several houses. Having obtained
permission from a lady living nearly opposite to where the men were to
go into her house so as to keep observation upon their movements, and
finding that they moved a little distance further, he was obliged by the
lady with a pair of field glasses. These he used with such good effect
as to enable him not only to identify the prisoners, but to follow their
every movement. He saw Davies go into the front garden of 124, and creep
along on his hands and knees to the parlour window. The other two
prisoners remained, as it were, on guard outside. Jones, after some
little time, forced the window and entered the room. In a few moments he
returned carrying a bundle, and then joined his associates. Dalton
followed them some little distance, and saw Davis and Morris go into a
public-house. He then stopped Jones and asked him about his conduct,
upon which he made a blow at the officer, who seized him. A determined
struggle ensued, in the course of which Jones" slipped" two coats, one
of which was afterwards identified as being stolen from the house
mentioned. The officer, however, determined not to let his man escape,
seized him by a belt he was wearing. This the prisoner, however,
“slipped." but to his dismay Dalton made use of this by putting it round
his (prisoner's) neck and so holding him until further assistance
arrived. The other prisoners shortly afterwards came up, when Dalton
called upon several parties who had assembled to assist him in securing
them, but owing to the violent threats the parties were afraid to help.
Fortunately, however, information had been sent to the station, and
Inspector Marsh dispatched constables to the assistance of Dalton, and
the prisoners were after considerable difficulty removed in custody.
—-Mr. Biron ordered a remand, and at the same time wished to express his
approval of the manner in which Dalton, the constable, had acted. To
further mark his sense of the officer's conduct he wrote on the charge
sheet as follows: -"Constable Dalton deserves, in my opinion, great
praise for his conduct in this case. He is well known at this court as
an excellent officer."—The prisoners, who throughout the hearing treated
the whole matter with the greatest indifference, were then remanded.
