LATEST OLD BAILEY TRIALS.

STABBING A WIFE. —Richard Boddy, 38, a sailor, was indicted for
maliciously wounding Clara Grace Boddy, his wife, with intent to murder
her. There were other counts of the indictment charging the prisoner
with feloniously wounding, with intent to do grievous bodily harm. —The
learned counsel, in opening the case to the jury, said that the prisoner
and the prosecutrix had been married only two months, during which they
had lived together in a state of great unhappiness. The money which the
prosecutrix had was settled upon her, so that the prisoner could not
touch it. The consequence was that she was treated very badly, and at
the time when the offence was committed a deed of separation had been
drawn up, and was about to be executed. On Dec, 14th the prosecutrix
went out shopping with a friend, and upon returning to the house of the
latter she found her husband there. Prisoner had some conversation with
his wife and endeavoured to induce her to live with him again. This she
declined to do, and angry words ensued. The prisoner sprang upon the
prosecutrix, threw her down, and stabbed her three times with a
penknife, which she had a short time before presented to him.
Subsequently she was taken to Guy's hospital, where her wounds were
attended to. –The statement of counsel having been corroborated by the
evidence, Mr. Grain submitted on behalf of the prisoner that what was
done was done in the heat of passion, and that the prisoner had no
intention whatever of murdering his wife. He had always borne a good
character, and was humane in his disposition. He submitted that there
was no evidence upon the major charge, and he urged the jury to deal
with the prisoner in regard to the minor offence. –The jury found
prisoner "Guilty of feloniously wounding with intent to do grievous
bodily harm." –Mr. Justice Bowen sentenced him to five years' penal
servitude.

A TROUPLESOME PRISONER. —Joseph Denny, 30, sailor, pleaded “Guilty" to
an indictment charging him with stealing, in the dwelling-house of
Richard Bolton Jones, the sum of 25l., two coats, and other articles.
–The prisoner completed a term of seven years' penal servitude on the
10th of last month, and committed the offence in question on the 13th of
the same month. While undergoing penal servitude he was 11 times flogged
for assaulting warders, and other offences, and was 782 times punished
by being placed upon bread-and-water diet. –Sentence postponed.
