A CHILD STARVED TO DEATH

On Wednesday, Mary Ann Hope, an emaciated little woman of thirty, of
dissipated appearance, was charged at Worship-street, with causing the
death of her female child, about two years of age.

Hopper, a constable of the N division, stated: I was on duty at ten last
night in Somerset-place, Hoxton, when I heard a cry of "Oh, my God, my
child is dead;" I turned round and found there the prisoner with a child
in her arms, and she repeated about her child being dead. I took the
child from, leaving her standing near me, drunk. She said, “Give me my
child," but, as I saw that it was dead, I refused to do so, and took it
to the house of Mr. Coward, the divisional surgeon, the prisoner
following me. The surgeon pronounced the child to be dead, and I
therefore took the body to the workhouse and lodged the prisoner in
Robert-street station. I afterwards went to her lodging, in
Burrell's-buildings, Kingsland, and found it to be a back room on the
top floor. It was in a most filthy state, had no furniture at all in it
but part of an old mattress, and stank shockingly. A lodger in the house
told me the prisoner was in the habit of coming home intoxicated with
the child at all hours of the night, that this was the only child she
had, and that her husband is a sailor, whose pay she was receiving.
–Prisoner: That's false; I don't receive his money.

Mr. Corrie: What appearance did the child present? –Hopper: Well, sir,
it looked as though it had been starved.

Jane Mason, a married woman, said, –About the time referred to I saw the
prisoner at a brewery tap. She had the child with her, and was singing
and dancing about. I spoke to her about her child, and she said, "I
think it is dying." –Mr. Corrie: A kind of convulsion, I suppose?
–Witness: No, sir; it seemed to die quiet and happy. I put its jaw up
and closed its eyes, and then the policeman came.

Mr. Ross, relieving officer of Shoreditch: I have frequently, sir, seen
the prisoner drunk about Shoreditch. Last week she made application to
us, and received 3s. 6d. and three loaves. On Monday last an officer
brought her to us from the police-station. The child was then with her,
and was evidently ill. We offered her an admission to the house at once,
but she refused it, saying she could earn enough to keep her out of the
house, and, as we could not make a prisoner of her, she left, with some
further assistance. I have known her altogether, perhaps, a twelvemonth.

Sergeant Townshend: On that day she was brought to me by a constable,
who said that the people about her home asserted that the child was
starving. I saw the child myself, and it looked as though it was
starving. I therefore sent her to the workhouse in company of a
constable.

Mr. Corrie (to the prisoner): There is no doubt that you have been the
cause of this poor child's death, and though, perhaps, you may not be
criminally responsible for it, you are yet morally so, for you have been
in the practice of drinking and being in the streets with it at all
hours, when you and it might have been in the workhouse. (To the
officer): I think you had better take her to the workhouse for the
present, as an inquest will no doubt be held upon the body, and there
may then, perhaps, be further evidence. —Mr. Ross: I am quite willing,
sir, to act in any manner you may desire.

The prisoner, who did not appear at all ashamed of herself, was
thereupon taken away by the officer.
