TRIAL OF CAPT. WILSON FOR MURDER.

On Tuesday, Captain William Wilson, late commander of the British ship
Express, was indicted at the Liverpool assizes for the murder of William
Henderson, a steward on board that vessel. Captain Wilson, being a
native of Memel (Prussia), had claimed to be tried by a jury half
composed of foreigners.

The Express sailed from Liverpool on the 22nd September last, and the
deceased (who was about thirty years of age) had joined some short time
before, being then in good health. When the ship had been somg time at
sea the prisoner threw a handspike at deceased, who was wounded in the
ancle. This was done as punishment for the deceased not being quick
enough, or not having brought him (the captain) a clean towel, or some
act of that kind. On the same day the prisoner threw a knife at the
deceased, and wounded him in the temple. The decensed picked up the
knife, gave it to the prisoner, and a second and a third time the
captain threw it at Hender-son; and in the course of the same day also
beat him with his fists, knocked him down, and kicked him. From this
time to Henderson's death a series of acts of violence were perpetrated;
to three of which, however, as the most remarkable, the learned counsel
for the prosecution called particular attention. On the 4th of November,
just before entering Brass river, the prisoner followed de ceased out of
the cabin, beat him with his fists, kicked him four or five times with
strong boots, and with a double rope gave him twenty or thirty blows
with great severity. The prisoner cried, "You shall never see England
again." The deceased became silent and insensible, and that night, when
he was seen by some of the crew, it was noticed that his head and
shoulders were covered with bruises and discolorations. Shortly after
entering Brass river, the fever broke out on board, the carpenter being
first attacked, and then the deceased. A doctor attended, and prescribed
rest and generous diet, and though Henderson recovered from the fever,
it left him so weak and prostrate that he was unfit for duty While he
was in this state, however, the prisoner ordered him to pick oakum, but
he could not do it. On the 22nd of December the doctor found him in such
a bruised condition that he asked the deceased who had been striking
him. The deceased was unwilling to tell, but the doctor insisted, and
the deceased then mentioned some name, which induced the doctor to go at
once to the captain; and, bringing him to the prisoner, the doctor said
in their presence, "Who has struck this man?" The captain said, "I did
not do it; the man has fallen down upon the deck, and has hurt himself
in that way." Strange to say, the deceased, who heard the master say
that, made no observation whatever, and it would be for the jury to say
whether this arose from fear, or whether the captain's statement was
correct. The last act of violence was shortly before his death, and
there was some difficulty and some contradiction as to whether it took
place on a Wednesday or on a Saturday. The deceased was lying in the
berth, and the prisoner came to him and asked him why he did not cook
his sago. The deceased said he could not stand so near the fire. The
prisoner made some remark, such as, "Who is to do it for you?" and then
took a can and struck the deceased under the chin, and under the nose,
and made them bleed. He went away, and ordered the deceased to come down
to the deck to pick some oakum. The deceased said he could not do it,
and the prisoner replied that it was "all laziness," and seizing the
deceased by the shirt, he threw him upon deck, jumped with both feet
upon his cheat, kicked him in the sides and head, and beat him. The
deceased at first cried out, but at last he became silent and partly
insensible. The prisoner then ordered buckets of water to be thrown over
the deceased, after which he was lifted up and dry clothes put on him.
The prisoner afterwards came back to the de ceased and naked him "if he
was satisfied?" The deceased said, "You had better kill me at once than
beat me so upon which the prisoner again beat and kicked him, and
renewed his threats, that he had better jump overboard," and that he
should never see England again." The deceased sank under this continued
ill-treatment, and died shortly after. The learned counsel told the jury
that if they believed that the acts of the prisoner accelerated the
death of Henderson he would be guilty of homicide, and his lordship
would direct them whether that homicide was manslaughter or murder. The
statements in the address of the learned counsel were corroborated by
the evidence of several seamen who had witnessed the atrocities.

Mr. Wm. Gunn was next examined. He acted as surgeon for the owners of
the Express, and attended Henderson, who was suffering from intermittent
fever. After the fever left him he was very low, and unfit for duty. Saw
him last on the 23rd January, He died on the 25th. Remembered going on
board on the 22nd December Saw then both Henderson's eyes were black and
part of the face. Challenged the deceased in the captain's presence as
to who had struck him; but though deceased had told the doctor in
private, he made no reply before the captain. The captain said he had
fallen out of his berth, but the injuries he had received could not have
been thus caused. Deceased was afflicted with boils, but was a good deal
better of these before his death. Saw his face after death, and noticed
blue spots, which he believed to arise from decomposition, upon it. Had
seen such spots several times within four hours after death. Having
heard the evidence to-day as to the violence inflicted upon the
prisoner, witness could not form any opinion as to whether it would have
accelerated Henderson's death. —In cross-examination Mr. Aspinal
elicited that Mr. Gunn had signed the official log that the deceased had
died from debility induced by fever. Saw the injuries upon the person of
the deceased, but did not think they had any im mediate effect in
producing death. —Re-examined: Such injuries would increase debility.
Deceased im proved from the 22nd of December to about the 20th of
January, when a relapse or sinking took place, and death resulted.

Mr. Aspinall then quoted some authorities, with a view to show that
Brass river was a "foreign port or harbour," and that, the offence not
being committed on the high seas, the present court had no jurisdiction.
—His lordship overruled the objection. Mr. Aspinall then addressed the
jury for the defence, and the learned judge summed up. The jury, after
being absent about two hours, came into court, and said they could not
agree to a verdict. One of their number had also been taken seriously
ill. They were consequently discharged.

The prisoner Wilson will be brought up again on other indictments.
