EXPLOSION ON THE THAMES.

About nine o'clock on Wednesday morning a steanstug named the Edward,
worked on the high-pressure principle, belonging to Messrs. Olyett and
Co., licensed lightermen, of Beer-lane, Lower Thames-street, blew up on
the river, near the Custom-house, and those on board, two in number,
were instantly killed. At the moment of the accident the tug was moored
to some barges in the tier of shipping on the north side of the river,
between the Custom-house and the Tower. The engineer had come ashore to
get his breakfast. The captain, Mr. Evans, was on deck, walking to and
fro, and the stoker, George Williams, was below, attending, it was
supposed, to the fires, when suddenly a terrific explosion was heard and
in an instant a large masa was observed to shoot out of the vessel to a
great height and then fall into the river some 300 or 400 yards from the
vessel, which at the same moment disappeared under water. The mass
proved to be the burst boiler, weighing several tons. A body
subsequently came to the surface, which proved to be that of the stoker
Williams. His head was completely blown off by the explosion, showing
that death must have been instantaneous. The body of the master, Mr.
Evans, has not yet been recovered.

A seaman attached to the Hollandia steamer, which was getting under way
at the time for a voyage to Holland, was struck by some of the pieces of
the wreck, and was so badly injured that he had to be removed at once to
Guy's hospital. The unfortunate man succumbed to his injuries on Friday.

The exploded boiler was raised on Thursday morning, and the wreck of the
vessel has been lifted, and got in shore on the mud.

On Friday Mr. Richards opened an inquest on the body of Joseph Williams,
the stoker. —Thomas Charles Towers, the engineer of the Edward tug, was
called, and informed by the Coroner that as the evidence might criminate
him he would be at liberty to cross-examine any of the witnesses.
—Joseph Williams, the father of the deceased man, identified the body.
His son was seventeen years old. —John Williams, the brother of the
deceased, deposed: On Sunday afternoon last I was on board the steam tug
Edward with my brother. It was moored off the Custom-house stairs. There
were two engineers on board, and the man Thomas Towers, the
engine-driver of the tug. I was standing against the fore-cabin, and I
heard the man named Barclay tell Towers to get into the boiler and screw
up the bolt. Towers got into the boiler, and Barclay said, "Don't play
with it, but screw it up." —The Coroner (to Mr. Towers): Have you
anything to ask this witness? —Towers: Yes. I never got into the boiler
at all. —The Coroner: That is a statement. You can only ask a question
of the witness. —The Coroner: Were all the men sober? —Witness: Towers
did not seem very sober. They had a bottle with something in it. —Edward
Jeremiah Olyatt deposed: I am a licensed lighterman. The vessel belonged
to me. It was a steam tug, formerly called the Thistle, but
re-christened the Edward. She was timber-built, and registered at 12
tons' burden. She carried two engines of the nominal power of 12 horses.
The engines and boat were built about two years ago. The boiler was
worked at an average pressure of 70lb. —Coroner: Has it never been
worked at a higher pressure? —Witness: I should not like to say, as I
was not always on board. —Examination continued: Towers has been in my
employ for three years. He has been temporarily employed as the driver
of the engine for about six weeks. —Coroner: Is it customary to put a
young man in such a responsible position without being duly qualified?
—Witness: I believe it is customary. —At this stage the inquiry was
adjourned for a week.
