THE ARMY.

WAR–OFFICE, JULY 15.

6th Regiment of Dragoons–Lieutenant Honourable Hercules Langford Boyle
Bowley to be captain, by purchase, vice Powell, who retires; Cornet
Richard Henry Currie to be lieutenant, by purchase, vice Rowley.

7th Light Dragoons–Cornet John Tindal-de-Veulle has been permitted to
retire from the service by, the sale of his commission.

10th Light Dragoons–Assistant-Surgeon Alexander Mackay Macbeth, from the
38rd Foot, to be assistant-surgeon, vice. James Macbeth, who exchanges.

12th Light Dragoons–Lieutenant Andrew Gammell, from the 76th Foot, to be
lieutenant, vice Fuller, who exchanges.

1st or Grenadier Regiment of Foot Guards––Lieutenant and Captain George
Grey Rous to be captain and lieutenant-colonel, by purchase, vice West,
who retires; Ensign and Lieutenant William Gordon Cameron to be
lieutenant and captain, by purchase, vice Rous.

12th Foot–Ensign and Adjutant Innis Colin Munro to have the rank of
lieutenant; Ensign F. C. DʼEpinay Barclay to be lieutenant, by purchase,
vice Garner, who retires; James Hutton Clutterbuck, Gent, to be ensign,
by purchase, vice Barclay.

18th Foot–Richard Nugent Clayton, Gent, to be ensign, by purchase, vice
Tyacke, appointed to the 22nd Foot.

18th Foot–Arthur Scott, Gent, to be ensign, by purchase, vice
Fitzmaurice, appointed to the 72nd Regiment.

22nd Foot–Ensign Walter Macpherson to be lieutenant, by purchase, vice
George Onslow Deane, who retires; Ensign Thomas Tracke, from the 18th
Foot, to be ensign, vice Macpherson.

23rd Foot–Lieutenant Augustus Applewhaite, from the 64th Foot, to be
First Lieutenant, vice Dickens, who exchanges.

29th Foot–Lieutenant William Gandy, from the 44th Foot, to be
Lieutenant, vice Wilson, who exchanges.

31st Foot–Captain Robert Hole Walters, from the 73rd Foot, to be
captain, vice Barry, who exchanges.

33rd Foot–Assistant-surgeon James Macbeth, M.D., from the 10th Light
Dragoona, to be assistant-surgeon, vice A, M. Macbeth, who exchanges.

47th Foot–Lieutenant George Saville Wilson, from the 28th Foot, to be
lieutenant, vice Gandy, who exchanges, July 15.

47th Foot–Ensign Henry James Buchanan to be lieutenant, by purchase,
vice. Nangle, who retires; Alfred Henderson White, Gent, to be ensign,
by purchase, vice Buchanan.

53rd Foot–Captain William Frederick Adams Colman, from the 80th Foot, to
be captain, vice George E. Hillier, who retires upon half pay of the
80th Foot.

60th Foot–Lieutenant Edward Rawlings Hannam, from the 8th Foot, to
paymaster, vice Fitz Gerald, appointed to the 30th Foot; Lieutenant
Richard Harcourt Robinson to be adjutant, vice Kenny, promoted.

64th Foot–Lieutenant Robert Vaughan Dickins, from the 23rd Foot, to be
lieutenant, vice Applewhaite, who exchanges.

72nd Foot–Lieutenant Arthur Wade to be captain, by purchase, vice
Cavendish Spencer Boyle, who retires; Ensign Oswald Barton Feilden to be
lieutenant, by purchase, vice Wade; Ensign the Honourable Alexander
Temple Fitzmaurice, from the 18th Foot, to be ensign, vice Fellden.

73rd Foot–Captain William Henry Barry, from the 31st Foot, to be
captain, vice Walters, who exchanges.

76th Foot–Lieutenant Charles Francis Fuller, from the 12th Light
Dragoons, to be lieutenant, ‘vice Gammell, whe exchanges.

85th Foot–Lieutenant Frederick Sitwell to be captain, by purchase, vice
Keyt, who retires; Ensign Montagu Barton to be lieutenant, by purchase,
vice Sitwell; Robert Kirkpatrick Taylor to be ensign, by purchase, vice
Barton.

86th Foot–Lieutenant Richard Francis Holmes, from the 97th Foot, to be
lieutenant, vice Dawes, who exchanges.

97th Foot–Lieutenant Edward Alleyne Dawes, from the 89th Foot, to be
lieutenant, vice Holmes, who exchanges.

HOSPITAL STAFF. –John Ogilvy, M.B., to be assistant-surgeon to the
forces, vice Henry Carr Lucas, deceased.
