A THIRD TRIAL FOR MURDER.

At the County Tyrone assize, which opened on Monday, before Mr. Justice
Barry, Thomas Hartley Montgomery was indicted for the third time,
charged with feloniously and maliciously killing and murdering William
Glass at Newton Stewart, on the 29th of June, 1871. Prisoner's former
plea of "Not guilty" was recorded, and after a great deal of trouble the
jury was sworn to try the case. Prisoner, who was looking rather better
than at the last assizes, though still pale, listened very intently to
the Attorney-general, who opened the case by relating the particulars of
the crime. He recapitulated the career of the prisoner from being bank
clerk until he became sub-inspector of police, and was arrested on the
present charge. The learned Attorney general had just concluded his
speech when the court rose.

On Tuesday counsel manifested a marked disposition to exclude irrelevant
matter from the evidence. More than half the witnesses to the finding of
the money were first quickly disposed of, and then the circumstances
connected with the murder were unfolded, during the recital of which the
prisoner was very attentive, and wrote communications to his counsel. It
was proved that he came out of the bank about half-past three o'clock,
and that shortly before he appeared groans, described as resembling the
moaning of a cow, were proceeding from the bank office.

On Wednesday Sub-inspector Purcell gave evidence as to an interview he
had with the prisoner, who asked him if a man could be convicted of
murder having no blood on his clothes. Witness said he thought not.
–Head-constable Thompson, who accompanied Purcell, gave corroborative
evidence. —Miss Margaret M'Clenehan said prisoner's usual dining hour
was three or four, but that on the day of the murder he did not dine
till between six and seven. He took tea that night at 11, went out, and
did not return till six the following morning. He apologised for staying
out.

On Thursday surgical evidence was given that the wounds on deceased were
such as could have been inflicted by the knife found in Grange-wood, and
that the murderer might have escaped without any marks of blood. It was
also proved that there were no traces of blood on the notes, gold, or
knife found in Grange-wood. The next evidence was as to the prisoner's
pecuniary embarrassments. It was proved, at the time of the murder the
prisoner had overdrawn his account at the bank, and that he admitted
having lost 800l. of his mother's money. 250l, he had received from
constables to invest, and had not invested. The case for the Crown being
closed, Mr. Macdonagh addressed the jury for the defence, and had not
concluded at the rising of the court.
