MIDDLESEX SESSIONS.

The June sessions commenced on Monday, at the Guildhall, Westminster.
The calendar contained the names of 54 prisoners for trial; 47 were
charged with felony and 7 with misdemeanor.

THE ROBBERY AT SIR C. NAPIER'S. — Elizabeth Jenkins, fifty-four, a
matronly looking woman, was indicted for stealing the sum of 16l. 11s.
71/2d., and other sums, the moneys of Sir Charles Napier, he master.
—The prisoner entered Sir Charles's service a housekeeper before he went
out in command of the Baltic fleet in 1854, and was discharged by him in
February last, when about 5l. was due to her for wages, for which she
was to call the next day, but she did not trouble herself about it. Sir
Charles appeared to have been very precise in keeping his accounts with
the prisoner, and paid her regularly every month money with which she
was to pay tradesmen' bills, but she appropriated the money to her own
use and allowed the accounts to run on in the tradesmen' books. In some
instances, the tradesmen wrote to Sir Charles requesting, payment, but
the letters never reached his hands, for the prisoner used to intercept
them, and destroyed all those containing bills, or relating to matters
of account which she had received money to settle, and sometimes she
even prevented official letters addressed to him coming into his
possession. She did this in collusion with another servant, the butler,
it was suggested, with whom she was living, at 24, Clifton-street,
Shepherd's bush when she was taken into custody, by applying the steam
from the spout of a kettle of boiling water to the gummed back of the
envelopes, and those which they did not object to Sir Charles having
were again gummed down, dried, and put on his table. After the prisoner
left, some of Sir Charles's tradesmen's letters came to his hands direct
and untampered with, and then the prisoner's system of fraud was made a
parent. When the prisoner was apprehended she said the prosecutor was an
old vagabond, expressed her surprise that he should have the daring
hardihood and impudence to follow her, and said the receipts for the
money would be found in an old hair trunk she had left behind her. This
Sir Charles told her had been searched, and no such receipts found. The
total amount of which she had plundered her master was about 200l. —The
jury found prisoner "Guilty." The learned judge said a worse case could
not be conceived, and not only as a punishment to her, but as an example
and warning to others, the unanimous judgment of the court was that the
prisoner be kept in penal servitude for five years. —The prisoner seemed
astounded, and said she did not deserve it. The learned judge: Indeed,
you do, most richly; a worse case I never heard of.

ROBBERY BY A SERVANT. —Charles Dyer, twenty-seven, warehousemen, in the
employment of Messrs. H. J. and Donald Nicoll, was indicted for stealing
six yards of cloth and other articles, value 7l., the property of his
masters. He pleaded guilty, and the learned judge sentenced him to
twelve months' hard labour, remarking that robberies by servants were
the worst cases of larceny a court of justice had to deal with.

A LUCKY ESCAPE. —James Gill, nineteen, was indicted for feloniously
stealing three brass weights, value 4s 6d, a quantity of brass chain,
and a portion of a scale, the property of Benjamin Greenhill, scale
maker, of High Holborn, his master; and John Sipless, thirty-one, a
marine store dealer, in White Lion-street, Seven Dials, was indicted for
feloniously receiving the same. Gill pleaded guilty, and was called as a
witness for the prosecution. The other prisoner bought the weights,
which were manufactured and stamped, at less than the price of old
brass; but the jury found out a doubt, of which they gave him the
benefit, and acquitted him. —The Judge: The jury have acquitted you, and
the verdict is theirs, not mine; had you been found guilty I should have
given you a very exemplary punishment, for this is not the first time
you have stood in that dock for receiving stolen goods. It is such as
you who make the thieves, and you are very lucky that you have escaped
again. The prisoner Gill was sentenced to three months' hard labour.
