DREADFUL TRAGEDIES IN IRELAND.

A horrible double murder was committed on Monday night at the lodge gate
of Westtown, the seat of Mr. Hussey, J.P., Naul, county Dublin. A groom
in his employment, named Joseph Dorey, killed his wife, a fine young
woman of 25, and then dashed out the brains of their infant, six months
old. The lodge, the scene of the crime, presented a ghastly sight. The
wife's body was fearfully mutilated. The murderer was arrested. Drink
and jealousy are supposed to have caused the crime. An investigation was
opened on Tuesday at Balbriggan, and adjourned until Saturday.

On Wednesday a furious attack was made on two prisoners in Kilmainham
gaol by Dorey. About one o'clock the chief warder's attention was
attracted by cries from the ceil in which two other prisoners were
confined. He hurried, together with the deputy governor and a policeman,
and found that Dorey had savagely assaulted his fellow prisoners, who
were bleeding profusely from the wounds inflicted on them by the man.
After a long struggle Dorey was pinioned.

A man named Thomas Bickley, who is believed to be insane, was arrested
on Tuesday for murdering a woman named Mary Grady at Poolabatà, near
Cappoquin, county Waterford, by cutting off her head. The evidence given
at the inquest on the body of Mary Grady showed that the accused entered
the house where deceased was; that he rushed at her, knocked her down,
put his knee upon her chest, and strangled her. He afterwards dragged
the dead body into the yard, where he severed the head from the body
with a hatchet. The jury returned a verdict of "Wilful Murder," and the
accused was committed for trial to the Waterford assizes.

A terrible affair took place near the village of Doon, co. Limerick, on
Friday. Michael Richardson and his cousin, Thomas Richardson, aged
respectively 27 and 60 years, went to visit a friend named Duggan, at
Coonen, about two miles from Doon. Duggan parted with them about six
o'clock. They were then both sober, and no more was known of them. A
woman named Ryan found them both lying insensible on the side of the
road, with fearful wounds on their heads. The unfortunate men were taken
to their homes, where Michael shortly afterwards died, and it was feared
Thomas could not survive till the morning. The only cause that can be
alleged is that Michael’s brother died some time since, and that some
dispute occurred between himself and his friend’s relative to some
property.
