TERRIFIC BOILER EXPLOSION. –FOUR PERSONS KILLED, AND SEVERAL WOUNDED.

A most terrific boiler explosion, which has already resulted in the
death of four persons, and so severely scalded four others that not the
least hopes can be entertained of their recovery, occurred on Thursday
morning last, at New Hey, near Two Bridges, two miles from this borough.
The premises where the accident occurred are known as the New Hey Mills,
occupied by Mr. S. Berry, as a woolen manufactory. They were three
stories high, and comprised two portions known as the old and the new
mill, stretching about one hundred and twenty feet in length, and about
thirty-six feet wide. Both steam and water power were employed to drive
the machinery – the steam-engine and boiler being situated at the
extremity of the building. The buildings in the whole, formed three
sides of a square, the fourth being the end of the new mill. The space
thus left, was partially covered by a roof supported by pillars, and
formed a favourite place of congregation for the children of the mill
during their leisure time; and, on the morning in question, about half
past eight o’clock, seven or eight of them were at play there, when, all
of a sudden, the boiler exploded with a fearful noise, and in an instant
the whole of the out premises were reduced to ruins. The children, in
the place before spoken of, rushed to the door to escape, but the door
had been driven inwards by the force of the explosion, and it was some
time before it could be opened. When that was accomplished, five of the
children came out most frightfully scalded. Eight persons were seriously
injured, for of whom expired almost immediately; their names are John
Leach, aged fifty-six; Jane Taylor, aged fourteen; Thomas Clegg, aged
eleven, and Thomas Sutcliffe, aged ten. Those injured and no expected to
survive are, Edwin Clegg, James Wolfenden, and Ann Platt, all children
about three years of age; and James Ballfield, aged forty-three. An
inquest was appointed to take place this evening.
