MIDDLESEX SESSIONS.

MONDAY.

The April quarter sessions commenced this morning, at the
Sessions-house, Clerkenwell, before Mr. Sergeant Adams, assistant judge,
Mr. Witham, and other magistrates. There were seventy-two prisoners for
trial, seventy of whom were charged with felony, and two with
misdemeanor.

THE CASE OF ASSAULT BY TWO SOLICITORS. —Mr. James Phineas Davis,
solicitor, of 5. Holles-street, Caven dish square, and Mr. David John
Davis, his brother, appeared pursuant to recognisances entered into at
the last session at Westminster, to receive judgment. It will be
remembered that the defendants were tried before Mr. Witham for
assaulting John O'Brien, and found guilty, when they were sentenced to
pay a fine of 50l. each, but were subsequently ordered to enter into
recognisances to appear to-day to receive judgment, it being understood
at the time that the sentence pronounced would not be altered. However,
Mr. Sleigh, who appeared for the prosecution, now said, that on the part
of his client, Mr. O'Brien, he was instructed to say, that from what had
taken place since the trial, the prosecutor was disposed not to press
for the infliction of the full fine imposed by Mr. Witham, but to ask
for so much of it as the court night think consistent with the ends of
justice. —Mr. Parry, for the defendants, said he was instructed to say,
that they regretted the course that had been taken on the trial, and
that they had since found that their instructions to counsel with
reference to the prosecutor were, in point of fact, foundationless, and
they desired to say so most fully. —The assistant judge, after
conferring with Mr. Witham, said he thought a most proper course had
been taken on both sides, and both himself and Mr. Witham thought, under
all the circumstances, that the justice of the case would be fully met
by each of the defendants being ordered to pay a fine of 40s.-The court
passed sentence accordingly, and the fines having been paid, the parties
left the court.

TUESDAY.

DIFFERENCE BETWEEN A JUDGE AND A JURY. —Three men, named Freeman,
Tritton, and Phillips, were indicted for stealing three sovereigns from
the person of lascar, named Hassano Moydeen. Mr. O'Brien appeared for
the prisoners. This was an ordinary brothel robbery, but the trial
lasted a considerable time. The evidence given by the prosecutor varied
from the account he originally gave of the transaction, and, in summing
up, the assistant judge said there could be no doubt that the prisoners
were three great scoundrels, but the evidence was not, in his opinion,
sufficient to justify their conviction, and he should recommend them to
find them not guilty. —The jury having considered for some time, the
assistant judge inquired what they were debating about; if it was
whether they were to convict the prisoners? He begged to tell them that
there was not sufficient evidence, and if they wished to consider
further, they must retire, as he could not allow the business of the
court to be delayed. —A bailiff was then sworn, and the jury retired.
After a short absence they returned, and found the prisoners "Guilty."
—The assistant judge said that was a verdict against the evidence, and
he scarcely knew what to do. Disapproving as he did of the verdict of
the jury, he could not act upon it as if he concurred in it, but at the
same time, as it was the decision of the jury, he did not wish it to
appear that he said no attention to it. Under the circumstances, he
should order the prisoners to be remanded till another session, and in
the meantime he should consider what would be the best course to take.
—The prisoners were hen remanded.
