TRIALS AT THE MIDDLESEX SESSIONS

CONVICTION OF A HOUSEMAID. –Mary Dempsey, about 25 years of age,
surrendered to her bail to answer a charge of stealing a piece of lace,
an ivory ornament, and other articles, the property of her pleaded "Not
guilty."—The prosecutrix and her family live at 49, Queen's-gate, and
the prisoner was engaged as housemaid to her. In September, 1881, she
missed several articles, which she suspected the prisoner had stolen,
and about that time her family went to Paris, leaving the prisoner, the
cook, and butler in charge of the house, returning in April. In
consequence of her son's trunk having been found short of its contents
on their return to town in April, she called the prisoner before her,
and her box was searched. In it was including mantilla lace, books, &c.
Serjeant Brand, a detective of the T division, took the prisoner into
custody, as also the butler (Boswell), who was charged at the
police-court, but subsequently discharged. The prisoner then declared
that one of the pieces of lace found belonged to herself, and was given
to her by her late mistress in Dublin, but afterwards admitted that some
of the articles did not belong to her. —The jury found her "Guilty," but
recommended her to mercy. —The Assistant-judge sentenced her to nine
months' hard labour, but subsequently reduced the sentence to seven.

CONVICTION OF BURGLARS. —John Smith, John Roberts, and Edward Mason,
were charged with feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling house
of Elizabeth White, 3, Nelson-villas, Gunnersbury, and stealing therein
a cruet-stand and a desk. –The burglary was effected on the 16th of
June, while the prosecutrix left her house for a short time. The jury
found the prisoners "Guilty," and the Assistant-judge sentenced Roberts
to 10 years' penal servitude and six years' police supervision. The
other prisoners were sentenced to five year' penal servitude each.

PROSECUTION BY A TRADE SOCIETY. –Thomas Sangster, 41, late secretary of
the Metropolitan Society of Operative Plasterers, May's-buildings, St.
Martin's lane, surrendered to his bail, for embezzling the sums of 12s.
6d., 3l. 4s. 6d., 1l., and 1l. 5s., received by him on account of the
above society. After hearing evidence, the jury found him "Guilty," but
strongly recommended him to mercy on account of his previous good
character. The Assistant-judge accepted bail for his appearance to
receive judgment in a month's time-himself in 50l. and one surety in a
like amount.
