ATTEMPTED MURDER IN OXFORD-STREET.

Ruth Elsden, an unfortunate woman, was charged at Marlborough-street
police-court, with attempting to murder Thomas Foskett, potman, at the
Duke of York, in Union-street, Oxford-street. There is little doubt the
prisoner was actuated to commit the act from a feeling of revenge, she
having, in October last, been charged at this court with two soldiers
for an assault on Foskett, when she was committed for seven days in
default of paying a fine, and, from the threat she made use of, there is
reason to believe that she intended to take Foskett's life.

Joseph Reed, 60 D, said he was called to the Duke of York, and saw the
prisoner there, and the man Foskett was sitting on a form bleeding from
the head copiously. The prisoner, said, "Look here, fatty (the constable
is a stout man); so help me God, I did it, and intended to do so." then
asked where the knife was, and the landlord said he had put it away, but
afterwards gave it to him. The knife (a large clasp one) produced is the
same. It had blood on it at the time. The prisoner had been drinking,
but she well knew what she was about. He then took Foskett to the
Middlesex hospital. He went to the hospital that morning and received
the certificate produced. A certificate as follows was here handed to
Mr. Tyrwhitt: —

"Middlesex hospital, Jan. 27. —I hereby certify that Thomas Foskett is a
patient in this institution, suffering from a punctured wound of the
ear, and la not in a fit state to be removed. —W. N. MARSHALL, house
surgeon."

Mr. Atherfold, landlord of the Duke of York, Union street,
Oxford-street, said he had known the prisoner for some time past as a
desperate character, and he had frequently forbidden her to come to his
house. On Saturday night last she came in, and, as the annoyed some of
the customers, he told her that If she did not keep quiet he would turn
her out, she then said, "If you do, it will be a——bad job for you, for I
have got something in this pocket." The prisoner then said she wanted to
speak to him privately, but he told her that he would not. The prisoner
then went into the tap-room, where Foskett, his potman, was about his
work, and in about two minutes Foskett came out bleeding, stabbed
through the ear. The prisoner then put the knife on the counter, and he
took it up, and when the constable asked for it he gave it to him. The
prisoner then said she meant to do it, and hoped she had "killed the—."
She also said, "I meant this for you, and will do it when I come out."
The prisoner had threatened his daughters on a previous occasion.

Mr. Tyrwhitt remanded the prisoner to see the result of the wound,
which, he trusted, would not prove fatal.
