BRUTAL MURDER OF A POLICEMAN.

A policeman of the Gateshead force named Graham was on Friday evening
brutally murdered at Wreckenton, near Gateshead. The crime was the
sequel to some police court proceedings earlier in the day. A man named
Edward Wilkinson, known as the “Flying Butcher," was summoned by
Constable Graham for street brawling. He was a powerful man of 45, and
was wont to boast of his prize-fighting powers. Latterly he was employed
by a butcher carrying on business at Newcastle. His wife is a tripe
hawker, and the family consisted of six children. On the night of the
16th inst. Police-constable Graham found Wilkinson turning his wife out
of doors. Graham remonstrated, whereupon Wilkinson rushed into the house
for a poker, and said he would do for him. The constable, however,
pacified him, and he went indoors, but returned and used obscene
language. He was summoned by Graham for brawling, and was fined 8s. 6d.,
including costs. He told Head-constable Elliott he would "settle" the
policeman. Graham, after his duty, returned to the village in the
afternoon. As he was passing Wilkinson's house the man rushed out with
knife in his hand, followed by his wife, who tried to hold him, but he
struck her in the face, and made after Graham. Seizing the constable
with one hand, he stabbed him in the chest, inflicting a frightful wound
near the heart. The officer reeled across the road and fell, dying
shortly afterwards. Wilkinson, before leaving Graham, took the truncheon
from him and struck him on the head several times. He then returned
through the village brandishing the knife and the truncheon, saying he
had killed one policeman and would murder another—Police-constable
Dodds, who, however, was away at the time. The murderer then made off
into the country, pursued by several young men. The same night Wilkinson
was captured at South Hylton, near Sunderland.

Edward Wilkinson, butcher, was charged at Gateshead, on Monday, with the
murder of Police-constable John Graham, at Wrekenton, on Friday
afternoon, by stabbing him in the breast with a knife. The prisoner
behaved composedly during the examination of witnesses, and declined to
ask questions; but on being told that he would be committed to the
assizes he broke down, and, weeping, asked permission to write to his
wife. He was allowed to see her in the cells.

The coroner's jury on Wednesday returned a verdict of "Wilful murder"
against Wilkinson.
