TRIALS AT THE ASSIZES.

OUTRAGE BY A BURGLAR. –Tom Martin was indicted at Winchester for
burglariously breaking into the dwelling-house of Mary Ann Bartlett. at
Sutton Waldron, with intent to commit a felony therein. –The
prosecutrix, a young woman of 26, who was the National schoolmistress,
lived with a young girl of 13 in the house, of which they were the sole
occupants. On the night of the 2nd of March, the prosecutrix was
awakened by a noise, and ongoing, partially dressed, into the girl's
room, she found the prisoner attempting to take liberties with the
little girl. On her arrival he immediately turned upon her and attempted
a criminal assault, at the same time threatening to shoot her if she
resisted. She successfully resisted him for some time, and be at last
desisted and made his escape, but was subsequently arrested. –The
prisoner was convicted and sentenced to 20 years' penal servitude.

STEALING GOVERNMENT STORES. —John Terry, formerly a boatswain in her
Majesty's service, on the Admiralty Yacht Enchantress, was indicted at
Winchester for stealing certain Government stores. –This case excited
considerable interest, as a bill was preferred against the prisoner for
this offence at the last Borough quarter sessions at Portsmouth, but was
then ignored by the grand jury; a voluntary bill was therefore preferred
against him at these assizes, when the grand jury found a true bill. —It
appeared that the prisoner had been lately fitting up some houses in the
neighbourhood of Portsmouth, and from information they received the
police searched these houses, and also that in which the prisoner lived.
A large quantity of locks, bolts, hinges, and other brass goods were
found some of which bore the Government mark; some appeared to have been
filed so as to obliterate the mark, while in others it had been drilled
out. It was proved that warrant officers, to which class the prisoner
belonged, were the only class who were not searched on leaving the
Government stores at the dockyard at Portsmouth. A carpenter who was in
the employment of the prisoner was also called, who had given
information to the police, and who described the way in which the marks
appeared to have been filed and obliterated. –The jury convicted the
prisoner of receiving the goods knowing them to be stolen. –He was
sentenced to 12 months' hard labour. The prisoner had been in the navy
20 years, 17 of which were on foreign service. He had gained the highest
distinction, and served in the Ashantee campaign under Admiral
Commerell, by his conviction he forfeits a pension of 150l. a year.

ALLEGED CONCEALMENT OF BIRTH. —Sara Jane Andrews, 20, servant, was
charged at Winchester in concert with Fanny Andrews, 38, her mother,
with concealing the birth of her male child, by the secret disposition
of the dead body of the said child. –Evidence having been given, the
counsel for the defence submitted that the charge of concealment could
not be supported, as the younger prisoner had informed her
fellow-servant. —The jury acquitted the prisoners.
