LATEST OLD BAILEY TRIALS.

MANSLAUGHTER. —Emma Augusta Papworth, aged eighteen, was charged upon
the coroner's acquisition with the manslaughter of her female
illegitimate child. —Mr. M'Donnell declined to offer any evidence in
support of this charge, and the prisoner was tried upon an indictment
which alleged that she had endeavoured to conceal the birth of the same
child. The prisoner was an unmarried young woman, living with her
parents at Mile end; and from some appearances observed by her mother,
she taxed her with being in the family way, but she denied it. One day,
however, the mother of the prisoner happened accidentally to put her
hand into a box in the prisoner's bed room, and she there found the dead
body of a child, of which the prisoner had, no doubt, been delivered
about a fortnight before—The jury found the prisoner "Guilty," and she
was sentenced to be imprisoned, without hard labour, for two months.

FELONIOUS ASSAULT. —Robert Pearl, seventeen, was charged with committing
a felonious assault upon Sarah Patty, a girl under ten years of age.
—The jury found the prisoner "Guilty" of the attempt only, and he was
sentenced to be imprisoned and kept to hard labour for one year.

ROBBERY WITH VIOLENCE. —George Chambers, twenty-two, labourer, was
charged with committing a robbery, accompanied with violence, upon
George Steer. —The prosecutor is one of the city police, and on the
evening of the 9th of January, he was on his way home in plain clothes,
when on passing through Flower and Dean-street, Spitalfields, he was
assaulted by four men, one of whom seized him round the throat, and
forced him down, and while upon the ground he was robbed of all the
money in his pockets, a sovereign and 6s. in silver. All the men got
away, and the prisoner was not apprehended until the 28th of March. The
prosecutor swore positively to his being one of the party by whom the
robbery was effected, but he admitted that he had a very slight
opportunity of observing the persons of the men who attacked him. —Mr.
Cooper urged that the evidence as to his identity was inconclusive, and
the jury returned a verdict of "Not guilty."

EMBEZZLEMENT. —John Robert Gibson, forty-six, solicitor, was indicted
for embezzling 60l. 11s, 35l. 5s., and 100l, the property of the Eastern
Counties railway, his masters. The jury retired, and after an absence of
about an hour, returned a verdict of Guilty," and at the same time
recommended him to mercy on account of his previous position and good
character, and the lax manner in which the accounts were kept.
—Sentence, eighteen months' hard labour.

THE EXTENSIVE SILK ROBBERY. —George Black more, twenty-eight, paper
stainer, and George Haddon, thirty-eight, packer, were indicted, Haddon
for stealing 20lbs. weight of silk, value 50l, and other goods, the
property of Henry Fandel and another, his masters, and Blackmore with
feloniously receiving the same, knowing it to be stolen. The prisoner
Haddon had been for many years’ servant to the prosecutors, Messrs.
Faudel and Phillips, the well-known silk and Berlin wool merchants,
Newgate street, and had, it appeared, for a long period been plundering
his employers of silk braid and heads of great value. A man named Freak
was originally charged with the other prisoners, and whilst under remand
and in the cell he committed suicide. —The prosecutor had lost above
100lbs, weight of silk, varying in value from 51s. 6d. to 70s, per lb.,
which it appears was sold at prices varying from 12s, to 22s. 6d. per
lb. —The jury found the prisoners "Guilty," and Blackmore was sentenced
to eighteen months' imprisonment with hard labour, and Haddon to seven
years' penal servitude.
