A PRETENDED FORTUNE.

Robert Boorer, 25, alias James Porter, a young man who was employed as a
groom and a coachman by a music hall agent, was charged at the
Westminster police-court yesterday, on remand, with obtaining money by
fraud and false representations from Henry Pope, an omnibus conductor,
and others. –The wife of the prosecutor Pope deposed that in the early
part of the year 1888 the prisoner was a lodger in her husband's house
in Dorset-place, Pimlico. The accused said his name was James Porter,
and represented himself as the nephew of Mr. John Porter, the racehorse
trainer of Newmarket. In the month of June, at which time prisoner owed
over 10l. for board and lodging, he gave out that his uncle Porter had
died and left him a fortune. He displayed to Mr. and Mrs. Pope a number
of letters on deep mourning notepaper, purporting to be written by a
"Mr. G. W. Lewis. Q.C.," to the effect that his (prisoner's) presence
was urgently required at Newmarket to settle his late uncle's affairs.
He also exhibited a fictitious will, the reading of which extraordinary
document caused amusement. It set out that the testator left his estates
and racehorses to James Porter (the prisoner) subject to an interest to
his sister Dorothea, to be paid when she arrived at the age of 21. The
value of the estates was set out at 17,870l., and the will concluded
“Signed before the executors, Matthew Dawson and Sir George Chetwynd,
both of Newmarket, gentlemen." Annexed to the document, and put in
evidence by Mrs. Pope, was a schedule or catalogue of the horses and
other property which the prisoner said had been sent to him by his
lawyers, and this list was headed "Kingsclere stable." It included 139
mares in foal (laughter), 45 yearlings, 20 geldings, broughams, mail
phaetons, 207 patent collars, 14 fields, comprising 394 acres 3 roods 2
perches, three fields of new bay, three cornfields, and cattle, poultry,
&c. The Popes said that, believing all the prisoner's representations,
they advanced him 5l. in order to go to Newmarket to look after his
estates and money. –Mr. George Gardner Leader, solicitor, of Marklane,
E.C., deposed that he was very intimately acquainted with Mr. John
Porter, trainer, of Kingsclere, and acted professionally for him. He had
never seen the prisoner before, and Mr. John Porter was alive and very
well that morning. Witness had made Mr. Porter's will, and it contained
no provision in favour of the prisoner (laughter). —Mr. Charles Long,
Deputy Chief constable of the county of Cambridge, and superintendent of
the Newmarket division, said there was no Mr. John Porter living at
Newmarket. Mr. Porter trained at Kingsclere. —Detective-serjeant
M'Gowan, who arrested prisoner, deposed to his confessing he had the
money from Mrs. Pope, and offered to repay her by instalments. After
leaving her house she saw no more of him for 14 months, when she saw him
in charge of a trap outside a music-hall. —Prisoner had obtained money
from a servant and others by the same false pretences, but they declined
to come forward. —Prisoner called no witnesses, and made no answer to
the charge. —Mr. D'Eyncourt committed him for trial to the London county
sessions.
