SATURDAY'S OLD BAILEY TRIALS.

(From our Special Sunday edition of last week.)

KNOCKING A GIRL'S EYE OUT.

Margaret Fisher, a middle-aged woman, was indicted for feloniously
assaulting Ellen Eatell and causing her actual bodily harm. —The
prosecutrix was a young girl, who gets her living by selling flowers in
the streets. On the night of April 6th she was in the Sun public-house,
Drury-lane, and the prisoner and the prisoner's brother were also there.
The prosecutrix spoke to the brother, and asked him why he had assaulted
her aunt a day or two before, and he replied that he would do it again.
The prisoner at the same moment appeared to have snatched up a glass and
struck the prosecutrix a violent blow with it. The consequences were
very serious. The eye was very much injured, and two or three days after
the prosecutrix had been at King's College hospital, where it was found
necessary to remove the eye-ball. The other eye appeared to have also
been seriously affected, and she will possibly be entirely blind through
the injury. —The prisoner, in her defence, expressed her regret for what
had occurred, as she had never contemplated inflicting such serious
injury upon the prosecutrix. —The jury found the prisoner "Guilty. —Mr.
Abinger said that he was instructed to state that the prisoner was ready
to make some pecuniary compensation to the prosecutrix for the injury
she had sustained. —The Recorder remarked that if some substantial
recompense were made to the prosecutrix by the prisoner's friends, it
might have effect on the sentence, which was postponed to the next
sessions.

A BILL TRANSACTION.

John Sydenham Kirby Wilson, a young man of gentlemanly appearance, was
indicted for feloniously appropriating to his own use a bill of exchange
for 300l, which had been entrusted to him for a specific purpose, with
directions in writing to that effect. —The prosecutor in this case was a
gentleman named Lavender, residing in Ulster-terrace, Regent's-park. In
the beginning of January last he had in his possession a bill of
exchange for 300l., accepted by a firm in the City, and on the 11th of
January he received a letter from the prisoner offering to procure
discount for any bills the prosecutor might have on his hands. This led
to an interview, and the bill was placed with defendant, who gave a
receipt on which he undertook to return the bill, or the money he
obtained for it, on the following day. The prosecutor could not obtain
any money from the prisoner, and he insisted upon the bill being
returned, which was done, the prisoner stating at the same time that if
the bill had been left with him another day he should have discounted
it. This induced the prosecutor to let him have the bill again, and he
promised to bring the money on the following day. The prosecutor heard
nothing more of the prisoner, and it turned out that he had discounted
the bill, and received 230l. for it, the discount charged being 50 per
cent. —The jury found the prisoner "Guilty," and he was sentenced to
eight months' hard labour.
