TRIAL OF A CLERGYMAN.

The Rev. J. H. Coghlan, a minister of the Church of England; William
Henry Manning, and three other defendants, named Terry, Rimmell, and
Jolliffe, were indicted, at the Old Bailey, on Saturday, for unlawfully
conspiring together to obtain possession of houses and other property,
and to deprive the landlords of the possession of the property by
fraudulent means. –The charge against the defendants was one of a novel
character. Two of the defendants, Manning and Coghlan, were already
convicted of forgery and fraud at an early part of the session, and the
other three defendants were charged with being concerned in the frauds
imputed to them the present indictment. –The case, on the part of the
prosecution, was that all the accused had conspired together to obtain
by fraud and chicanery property in the metropolis and elsewhere, which
was of an eligible character, and could be readily disposed of; and, in
point of fact, to deprive the real owners of the property to which they
were legally entitled. In one case Terry was let into possession of two
shops in Little Pulteney-street upon a three years' agreement, with an
undertaking for a lease. Directly he obtained possession the owner was
surprised to see a notice posted up outside the shops, to the effect
that they were to be let, and that a certain auctioneer would give all
information. When the auctioneer was applied to by the owner, the latter
was coolly informed that the auctioneer was acting under the
instructions of Manning, who acted as the solicitor. The property then
appeared to have been re-let, and money was paid as premium; and when
the owner sought an explanation he was told he had nothing to do with
his property. In this way various properties appeared to have been dealt
with, and Terry and Manning then seemed to have gone to Brighton, where
they professed to carry on business under the style of the National and
Provincial Trade Protection society, under the names of Maxwell,
Debenham, and Co. In order to obtain possession of some property at
Brighton references were given to Coghlan and Rimmell, who was
represented to be a wine merchant at Penge; and replies were sent to the
effect that Maxwell, Debenham, and Co. were very respectable persons,
who were likely to become most eligible tenants. The replies also stated
that Maxwell and Debenham had stood in the relation of tenant to the
referees, and they were very sorry to lose them. —None of the defendants
called any witnesses to facts. Mr. Matthews summed up the case for the
prosecution, and he argued that Manning had been clearly proved to be
the prime mover in the frauds complained of, and all the others had
assisted him to carry them out.

On Monday the five prisoners were found guilty of conspiracy, and
Manning was, in addition, found guilty of uttering a forged deed, and
Coghlan of obtaining money and Lion brewery shares by fraud. –Counsel on
behalf of Rimel took a technical objection to three of the counts in the
indictment, and in order to give time for consideration of the points,
the Recorder postponed sentence until next sessions. –The grand jury
made a presentment commending Inspector Conquest, Bow-street, and the
officers engaged under his directions for the "industry and
intelligence" they had displayed in tracing out all the facts of the
conspiracy, and the Recorder added that he coincided with the opinion of
the grand jury.
