MIDDLESEX SESSIONS.

ROBBERY FROM LORD CARDROSS. – # Wilmot, 43, was indicted for stealing a
scarf pin, value 30l., from the person of Lord Cardross, on Lord Mayor's
day, in the crowd. —The jury found Wilmot "Guilty." The Assistant-judge
sentenced him to seven years' penal servitude, to be followed by three
years' police supervision. –The prisoner left the dock protesting his
innocence

ROBBING A WIDOW. —George Warren, 23 labourer, and Joseph Hall, 23,
labourer, were indicted for stealing from the dwelling house of Mary Ann
Freeman, Hollingsworth street, Caledonian-road, Islington, the sum of
30l.—Warren was found "Guilty" and Hall "Not guilty."—Warren lodged with
the prosecutrix for three and a half years. On Sunday, Aug. 10, she went
to church, leaving him alone in the house. When she returned she found
Hall there. Warren left the next day, and she discovered that her
savings, amounting to 30l, or 33l., had been stolen. –The
Assistant-judge said it was a hard thing for the prosecutrix to lose all
her savings. He ordered Hall to be discharged, and sentenced Warren to
four months' hard labour.

ROBBING AN OFFICER OF THE LIFEGUARDS. –Alfred Atkins, 23, soldier, and
William Stevens, 45, a dealer in old china, were indicted for having
stolen a carriage, set of harness, and other articles, value 200l., the
goods of Frederick Hume Spry. In the sixth count of the indictment
Stevens was charged with having received the property, knowing it to
have been stolen. —Atkins pleaded "Guilty," –The prosecutor is
surgeon-major in the 2nd Life Guards, now quartered at Knightsbridge
barracks, and the prisoner Atkins, who was a trooper in the regiment,
acted as his servant, being in charge of his rooms and his property. In
September the prosecutor obtained leave of absence, and was away from
barracks until about the middle of last month, when, on his return, he
found things in a very unsatisfactory state, the articles named being
missing. –The jury found Stevens "Guilty," and, as the receiver, he was
sentenced to 12 months' hard labour. Atkins was sentenced to six months'
hard labour.
