ROBBING THE POOR.

George Henry Ogden, late relieving officer of the Bangor union, who
pleaded "Guilty" at Carnarvon assizes to four indictments of fraud and
embezzlement, came up for sentence. —Mr. Marshall, the prosecuting
counsel, said the prisoner had retained the names of dead paupers on the
books and pocketed the fees. In other instances, he had withheld
portions of the paupers' allowances. In one case, that of an imbecile
pauper, he received 7l. 10s. for rent, and paid over only half the sum.
—The defence was to the effect that the prisoner had speculated in
buying vessels. His lordship, in passing sentence, said the guardians
had shamefully and disgracefully neglected their duties. The prisoner
had been systematically robbing miserable paupers, for whom one would
have thought he would feel some slight spark of sympathy or pity; but he
had been content to enrich himself at the expense of these miserable
paupers, defrauding them weekly of their shillings, two shillings, and
three shillings, and all this so as to accumulate gains for himself. His
nature was stirred when a plea of eminent respectability was set up on
his behalf. The sentence would be one of five years' penal servitude.

___________________________

A CONFIRMED SWINDLER SENT TO PENAL SERVITUDE. —Philip Cattermole, 60
years of age, an engineer, was indicted, at the Middlesex sessions, on
Wednesday, for stealing four boots, value 21s., the goods of Mr. Charles
Lockwood; he was further charged with stealing an umbrella, value 12s.
6d., the goods of Mr. Robert Goodacre. There was a third charge against
him of obtaining by false pretences, from Mr. Horace Giddings, a mantle
and dress, value 2l. 19s. 6d., and from Mr. Joseph Rushton, four pairs
of boots, value 1l. 16s. The jury found the prisoner "Guilty" on all the
charges. The police proved that for many years past the prisoner had
been a swindler. He had suffered 18 months' for fraud, five years' penal
servitude for fraud, five years' for stealing a watch, and three months'
for stealing a horse and cart. Inspector Morgan said prisoner had 30
other cases against him similar to the present. He had swindled people
all round the neighbourhoods of Kensington, Hammersmith, Balham,
Wandsworth, Chiswick, and other places. He had escaped twice from the
police—once from the cells at Hammersmith police-court, and he nearly
succeeded in making his escape from that court again on Friday last. Mr.
Commissioner Kerr: Philip Bell Cattermole, if that is your right
name—because you have such a variety—we will suspend your operations for
some time to come, because it is evident you are incorrigible. You will
have to undergo 10 years' penal servitude.
