THE CHARGE OF CONSPIRACY.

At Bow-street police-court on Monday Mr. Jacob Nathaniel Jonas,
solicitor; Mr. Arnold Jacob Marks, his managing clerk, of Norfolk
street, Strand; and Leman Asher Solomon of Coleman-street, City,
appeared to an adjourned summons charging them with conspiracy to
defraud Mr. William Cruikshank of 1,000l. —The allegations were that
prosecutor having endorsed a cheque for the amount mentioned, the
defendants conspired to recover that amount by putting Solomon forward
as a bona-fide holder for value, whereas it was alleged that the cheque
was considered to be worthless, and had been entrusted to Jonas to put
with other papers. —Mr. Genese, tailor, of Great Russell-street, who had
given evidence to show that he had been asked to sue for the amount of
the cheque, was recalled for cross examination by Mr. Willis. He denied
that he had urged Jonas or Marks to sue for the amount. Witness admitted
he was a bankrupt for 9,000l., but had 14,000l. owing him. Referring to
the prosecution by Mr. Palmer of Beyfus and others, witness admitted
that he was included in the charge of conspiracy. The purchase of
Palmer's reversion was an honest transaction. —By Mr. Lewis: There was
not one word of truth in that suggestion or that the Beyfuses were at
the bottom of this matter. He was aware that 6,000l. was paid to stop
proceedings in the Palmer prosecution. The case had been opened, and
after that the 6,000l. was paid. —Mr. Vaughan: I say that if that is a
fact it is a scandalous thing. —Re-examination continued: It was stated
that Mr. Palmer had gone to Australia and Marks had seen him off.
Thereupon the magistrate adjourned the case sine die. —Mr. Wrigall,
solicitor, deposed that he wrote to the defendant Jonas, when the claim
was made for the amount, and informed him that he considered it to be a
fraud. Judgement was signed in the case half-an-hour before witness had
put in notice to defend. He had advised prosecutor to make an affidavit
that he had no judgments registered against him. A charge of perjury had
been preferred. —Mr. David Bensande, of 12 Bouverie-road, South
Kensington, deposed that Marks had told him they wanted to get someone
to make an affidavit that value had been received for it. –This
concluded the case for the prosecution.

On Tuesday the case for the defence was proceeded with. –The footman and
coach man of Mr. Solomon Beyfus deposed that their master, being an
invalid, invariably took carriage exercise between one and two o'clock
daily, and that on a particular day in September he was not present at a
meeting which took place at the Bedford hotel, to the best of their
belief. A waiter at the hotel definitely swore that the gentleman was
not present on the occasion referred to.

At the conclusion of the evidence Mr. Cock addressed the court on behalf
of Solomon Beyfus, and contended that there was no evidence against him,
inasmuch as the fund of 6,000l. was created for an illegal purpose, and
that Solomon had merely advanced the money to his son.

Mr. Lewis, in speaking on behalf of Alfred Beyfus, said that the
prosecution had been preferred for the purpose of extortion, the
evidence of both Jonas and Marks being utterly unworthy of credence.

The hearing of the case was further adjourned till the 20th of January.
