CENTRAL CRIMINAL COURT, YESTERDAY.

SINGULAR CHARGE. —James Rowe and Mary Rowe, man and wife, two young,
well-dressed persons, surrendered to take their trial for misdemeanor in
having unlawfully endeavoured to conceal the birth of a child, of which
the female prisoner had been delivered. —It was stated that the
prisoners had only recently been married, and they had gone on a tour in
the country. It appeared, however, that the female was at the time of
the marriage very far advanced in pregnancy, and while hotel at they
were staying at a hotel at Plymouth, she was delivered of a stillborn
child. Her husband, in order to save the character of his wife, did not
obtain any medical assistance, but the parties brought the dead body of
the child to London, and attempted to dispose of the body by placing it
in a lady's garden near Wandsworth, and under these conditions the
present charge was preferred. It was admitted that the male prisoner had
seduced his companion, and that subsequently made her all the reparation
in his power by marrying her, and what was done was merely with the
object of saving the female prisoner from disgrace. The magistrate by
whom the prisoners were committed for trial, Mr. Bushby, it appeared,
had expressed his opinion that a very slight punishment would satisfy
the requirements of the law. –The Common Serjeant said he thought that
upon these facts he should not be required to do more than to pass a
sentence of five days' imprisonment on the man, the effect of which
would be that as no evidence was offered against the woman, they would
both be at once discharged.

INDECENT WORKS. —John Julian Rochfort, the proprietor of a publication
called Quiz, the Satirist, surrendered to take his trial for publishing
an indecent and obscene libel, which the publication in question was
alleged to be. –Mr. Besley and Mr. Tickle prosecuted for the Society for
the Suppression of Vice; Mr. Forest Fulton defended. –The counsel for
the prosecution read some portions of articles contained in the
publication in question, which he submitted were of a highly immoral and
disgusting character. –The jury found the defendant 'Guilty," and
sentence was deferred.

George Bates, a newsagent in the Broadway, was charged with selling
another obscene publication called The Peep Show. —Defendant said he was
not aware of the contents of the publication when he disposed of it.
–The jury returned a verdict of "Not guilty."

James Simpson, a newsvendor, carrying on business in Shoe-lane, was
charged with a similar offence in relation to the sale of Quiz. –In this
case also the jury returned a verdict of "Not guilty."

Robert Emmet, publisher, of 11, Bride's-avenue, pleaded "Guilty" to
selling the London Peep Show. —The Common Serjeant sentenced Rochfort to
six months' hard labour, and ordered Emmet to pay a fine of 50l., and to
be imprisoned until that fine was paid.
