ATTEMPTED MURDER BY A FEMALE.

On Thursday, Maria Hodges was charged, at the Worship-street
Police-court, with feloniously cutting and wounding Ben-jamin Wenman,
with intent to murder him. —Constable Ross stated that that morning he
was called into the house, No. 7, Angel-court, Whitechapel, where he
found the injured man supporting himself against the wall in a lower
room, with the front of his dress covered with blood, which was flowing
profusely from a frightful wound in the right temple. Having ascertained
from the man that he had been stabbed by a woman, who was in the bedroom
upstairs, he proceeded there, and found the prisoner standing near the
bed, partly undressed. She at once exclaimed, "I have done it, and don't
care if I am hung for it." The prisoner at the same time pointed to a
penknife which was lying on the pillow, and the blade of which had been
broken off close to the handle, and told him that she believed the other
part of it was buried in the man's head. She stated further that she had
been living for some time with the man, and on apprising him that
morning that she was in a pregnant state, he answered with great
harshness that he should do nothing for her, and that she must provide
for herself in the best way she could. Prisoner was then conveyed in
custody to the station-house, and the wounded man was removed to the
London Hospital. It having been intimated that the man was in a state of
great danger, Mr. Hammill immediately proceeded to the hospital,
accompanied by Mr. Hurlstone, the second clerk, and took down his
deposition (in the presence of the prisoner), to the following effect:
--"I have been living with the prisoner since Monday last but had been
intimate with her for some time previously. I got up this morning at six
o'clock, but she persuaded me to lie down again, which I did, and fell
asleep, but was awoke by a sharp pain, and felt that I was wounded on
the temple. The prisoner was standing at the bedside with a penknife in
hey hand, and, seizing hold of my hair, she turned my head round, and
attempted to stab me on the other side. I jumped out of bed, and
struggled with her; but she got outside of the bedroom-door, and kept
hold of the handle, so as to prevent me from following her. I managed at
last to make my way down stairs, bleeding ‘furiously’ from the head, and
roused the people of the house, who sent for a policeman. I have
suffered great pain, and felt very faint and sick since I received the
injury. " –The prisoner was then brought back to the court. When called
upon for her defence, the prisoner said that the man Wenman had been the
cause of great trouble and anguish to her, and that she left her
situation on Monday night at his instigation. On the preceding evening
she complained to him that she felt so unhappy that she did not care how
soon she was out of the world, when he replied that the sooner she was
out of it the better, and he did not care what she suffered, as he was
determined to do nothing for her. He afterwards abused her grossly, and
made repeated attempts to strike her; but she had no intention of
injuring him, and merely took up the penknife to frighten him, when he
suddenly started up, and received the wound before she had time to
withdraw her hand. —The prisoner was remanded for a week.
