ANOTHER MURDER AT DUNDRY.

The excitement consequent on the terrible murder of old Mrs. Waterman,
for which her murderers, Matthew Wedmore and Charles Wedmore, were
executed at Taunton as recently as Friday week, has not had time to
subside ere the committal of another very barbarous homicide has been
discovered in the same neighbourhood. The circumstances connected with
the discovery are as follows:-

At a distance of a hundred yards or so from the cottage in which the
former terrible tragedy was enacted, is an inn called the Three
Compasses, kept by a person named Stallard. Attached to this house is a
field, which strangely enough formed part of a farm the occupier of
which, an elderly man named Hazell, was murdered, under circumstances
which have not up to the present been thoroughly elucidated, some nine
or ten years ago. In this field is a pond, to which, on Saturday
afternoon, a daughter of Mr. Stallard went, for the purpose of dipping
out some water. On approaching it, she observed something floating,
which she for the moment thought was a sheep's head, and supposing that
there had been some sheep stealing going on, she called her brother. He
procured a stick, and got it cut, and they then discovered to their
horror that it was the mutilated body of a child. Shortly afterwards,
concealed in a hole at the side of the pond, they discovered some
clothes, which had apparently belonged to the same child. Mr. Sturland,
the surgeon, was at once applied to, and discovered, on examining the
body, that the skull of the deceased had been fractured, apparently, by
being beaten in on the top with a three cornered stone, and also that a
wound six inches long had been inflicted on the back of the neck.
Information was at once given to the police, and Superintendent Jones,
Police sergeant Drewett, and Acting sergeant Moore, of the county
constabulary, were immediately engaged in investigating the matter.
Suspicion falls on a woman of bad character, who is well known to the
police as cohabiting with, and having had children by a man who lives at
Bedminster Down. A short time ago she was at Dundry and had with her a
child of about four months old, similar to that found. She called at the
Compasses tavern, and Mrs. Stellard noticed that the little creature
appeared as if neglected, and mentioned her opinion to the mother. Some
days after the woman was there again, but without the child, which she
said she had buried at Bristol. The clothes found were submitted to Mrs.
Stellard's inspection, and she expresses the strongest belief that they
are the same which the child had on the evening when the woman brought
it with her to the house.

The police have been successful in tracing out the woman alluded to; but
as she was enabled to produce evidence corroborative of her statement,
she was, of course, left at liberty. The suspicion has now been
transferred to another party.

An inquest on the body of the murdered child has been opened, at which
Mr. Gould, the chief of police, obtained an adjournment of the inquest
for a week, in order to afford time for an inquiry. The police, he
stated, were using efforts to endeavour to trace out the perpetrator of
the wicked crime, and it might assist them if the inquest were left in
such a state as that fresh witnesses might be brought before them.

____________________

THE CHILD MURDER AT HORNSEY.

On Thursday, Anne Reed, eighteen, a good looking young woman, was
indicted at the Old Bailey for the wilful murder of her female
illegitimate child by cutting its throat. —The prisoner appeared to be
suffering great mental anguish, and was nearly in a fainting state
during the trial. —It appeared that the prisoner was a domestic servant,
and that on the 18th of January she was delivered of the child in
question, and on the same day she went to the house of a person named
Martin, at Hornsey, in a very exhausted and feeble state, and Mrs.
Martin put her to bed. The prisoner was then asked for the key of her
box, and she said that she had lost it in the cab; but shortly
afterwards Mrs. Martin found the key in her gown pocket, and upon
opening the box she discovered the dead body of a child in a pie-dish,
with its throat cut from ear to ear. Two medical gentlemen, named James
and Horner, were called in, and upon examining the child they observed
appearances which induced them to believe that the child was a
full-grown child, and that it had been born alive. They also stated that
the death was no doubt occasioned by loss of blood, but they were unable
to say whether this loss of blood was the result of the wound in the
throat or from the prisoner not having professional assistance at the
time of the birth. These gentlemen now expressed themselves unable to
give any positive opinion whether the wound in the throat was inflicted
immediately before or after the death of the child.

Mr. T. Atkinson made a most feeling appeal to the jury on behalf of the
prisoner, and he urged that upon the testimony that had been given by
the medical gentlemen it would be impossible to return a verdict against
the prisoner that would immediately have the effect of consigning her to
the scaffold.

The jury, after a short consultation, found the prisoner not guilty of
wilful murder, but guilty of concealing the birth. —Mr. M'Donnell, on the
part of Mr. Atkinson, reminded the court that the prisoner had already
been between three and four months in prison. —The prisoner was
sentenced to be imprisoned and kept to hard labour for one year.
