POLICE INTELLIGENCE.

BOW-STREET.

A SCENE IN THE STREET. —Charles Gale, who described himself as a
bookbinder, and Elizabeth Gale, who at first said she was his wife, but
subsequently acknowledged that she was only living with him, was charged
with being drunk and creating a disturbance in Chandos-street,
Covent-garden, on Sunday Afternoon-Chandler, 125 F, said that between
three and four o'clock on Sunday afternoon, he found the prisoners
fighting in Chandos street, and took them into custody. There was a
great crowd assembled. — A gentleman residing in Chandos-street said the
disturbance had been going on for twenty minutes before the constable
arrived on the scene. He was at dinner with his family when they were
disturbed by a great noise in the street. He went to the window and saw
the female prisoner making a most furious attack on the man. The latter,
it must be admitted, behaved with great forbearance. He tried to keep
her off and prevent her from striking him, but did not once lift his
band to strike her in return. She flung herself upon him several times
with such violence as to fell him to the ground, and while he was down
she kicked him in the face and jumped upon his chest. She tore the hair
from his head in handfuls, and held it up for the admiration of the
crowd (a laugh). During a portion of the time that this scene continued
a crowd of fully 200 persons was assembled. When the police arrived at
last the prisoners seemed sorry for their conduct and went with the
police quietly enough. This sort of disturbance was of constant
occurrence. Every Sunday afternoon on the closing of the public-houses
at three o'clock crowds of thieves and prostitutes poured forth from the
public houses, and began brawling in the street. His main object in
attending the court that day was to urge the necessity of some more
efficient police protection. Application had been made to the police,
and promise and been made that two constables should be placed on
special duty; and yet there was a riot going on for nearly half an hour,
and no constable to be seen. These disturbances were repeated not only
every Sunday afternoon, but every Saturday night at twelve and every
Sunday night at eleven—in fact, as soon as the blackguards of Seven
Dials and Bedford bury turned out of the public-houses. —The male
prisoner said he had been out of employment some time, but had just
obtained a job, and was to go to work that day. Requiring for this
purpose to get out of pawn a coat which his “wife" had pledged, he asked
her for the duplicate, at the same time telling her she ought not to
have pawned it. Upon that she few into a passion, and attacked him as
described. —It appeared that both prisoners bore a bad character, the
woman being a prostitute, and the man living on the wages of her sin.
She has been times out of cumber charged with drunkenness, riot, and
assault. —Mr. Flowers was very sorry to hear a bad account of the man,
having at first been disposed to think well of him from the forbearance
he had shown in this ease. No doubt it must have appeared to the
constable, coming in at the last minute, that they were fighting
together; but from the evidence of the second witness it was clear that
the man suffered great provocation without retaliation. He might be
discharged: but the woman must go to prison for seven days. —The
magistrate, on reconsideration, inflicted one of 15s.
