THE MURDER IN SOMERSETSHIRE.

At a place called Lype, in the parish of Cutcombe, on the old Minehead
and Dunster-road, at the northern extremity of the Brendon-hill, and
about six miles from Dunster, lived a widow named Coles, with her son
and daughter, the former about eighteen years of age, and the latter
about eleven. It is a very lonely place, and the house in which they
lived having been divided into two, the other was occupied by an aged
woman named Norman. Near these houses was a barn, which had not been
used for many years, and consequently it is in a very dilapidated state,
the wooden floor being gone, and only some stone sleepers remaining.

The mother of the poor girl, Coles, the victim of this diabolical crime,
left her house on the morning of Tuesday, the 8th inst., to go to work,
and shortly after the son also went to his work at a neighbouring
quarry, the deceased being left at home to attend to the affairs of the
house. About ten o'clock the old woman, Mary Norman, who is eighty-five
years of age, in going along the passage through the houses, observed
that the door of Cole's house was open, and saw the deceased sitting on
one side of the fire-place, while a man named Bailey, who lived at a
short distance, was seated on the other. The deceased was not seen alive
after that time.

About eleven o'clock a man named Sedgbeer, who was working opposite the
entrance to Lype, saw Bailey advancing towards the place at which he
(Sedgbeer) was in a hurried manner; and, on arriving at the spot where
he stood, he observed that Bailey was labouring under excitement. Bailey
then proceeded to the quarry at which deceased's brother was working,
and remained there, occasionally working for a short time, during which
he partook of the dinner. At four o'clock Bailey left the quarry, and
soon afterwards he called at the cottages at Lype, and inquired if "the
old woman (Coles) or any of them" had returned. His mother replied in
the negative, and he then went away. About seven o'clock the boy Coles
returned, and, missing his sister, he went to meet his mother, who
returned with him, and made inquiries for the poor girl at some
neighbouring cottages. Failing to obtain any information respecting her,
they searched their own premises, and ultimately the barn, the door of
which they found closed. The mother went in, and on going to a dark part
of the barn discovered the body of her child, whose clothes had been
thrown up over her person as far as the stays would admit. She carried
the body to her house, and then it was seen that her throat had been cut
in a most horrible manner.

Information of the circumstances having been given to the constables,
they immediately proceeded to the house of Bailey's father, who lives at
a short distance from the cottages, but whose house is in the parish of
Luxborough. They found the son in bed, and, having stated that they were
come to take him into custody on a charge of murder, the prisoner
exclaimed, " I didn't murder her;" but he admitted that he had been at
the house on his way from work, and stated that on leaving she
accompanied him a short distance, and then returned. On him was found a
knife, which was, of course, taken from him.

On examining the barn blood was found on some ashes near the door, and
also part of a bucklestrap, which was identified as belonging to the
prisoner; the other part was found upon him.

Near the barn is a stream of water, and a little beyond this, from the
barn, was discovered a footprint, which corresponded with one of the
prisoner's boots. This mark was in a place which a person would pass
over in proceeding from the barn to the spot at which Sedgbeer was when
the prisoner went towards him. On examining the prisoner's clothes blood
was found in different parts, and there was a line of blood over them
from left to right, which had been partially washed out.

On Friday, Mr. Hole, surgeon, made an examination of the body of the
deceased, being accompanied by the coroner, Mr. Munckton, and marks of
two severe blows were found on the top of the head, and also a mark of a
severe blow over the left eye. There were two stabs in the neck, one on
each side, and these corresponded with the blade of the knife found on
the prisoner. There was a horrid gash right across the neck, from left
to right, which divided all the principal parts down to the bone, and at
the bottom of this cut was the mark of another stab, between two of the
vital vertebræ or bones.

From the appearances there could be no doubt that the murderer first
stunned his victim by striking her on the head, and then dragged her to
a darker part of the barn, where, placing the back of her neck on one of
the stone sleepers, he completed the horrid crime.

On Friday, the prisoner was taken before the Rev. G. F. Luttrell and Mr.
Hele, at Dunster, magistrates of the district, and an investigation into
the circumstances took place. During the proceedings the prisoner
remained in a sullen mood, and declined to say anything. His mother, who
was present, appeared to be in a state little short of insanity from
anguish and excitement. After a long investigation, the prisoner was
fully committed for trial on the charge of wilful murder. —Somerset
County Gazette.
