LAW INTELLLIGENCE.

COURT OF QUEEN'S BENCH.

MUSICAL COPYRIGHT. —BOOSEY v. DAVISON. —This was an action (before the
court on Tuesday) involving a question of copyright of some airs in
Bellini's beautiful opera, "La Sonnambula" The action was tried before
Mr. Justice Erle, at Guildnall. The declaration set forth, that the
plaintiff was the purchaser of the copyright in question, and that the
defendant committed an act of piracy in publishing it. The defendant
pleaded, 1st, not guilty; 2ndly, that the plaintiff was not the owner of
the copyright; and lastly, that the musical composition was not first
published in England. It appeared on the trial that the opera was first
published at Milan, on the 19th of February, 1831, where Bellini, the
composer, entered into an agreement with Sig. Ricordi, a musical
publisher, selling to him the copyright in some of the airs. The
contract set forth that Ricordi was to have the full right of property
for sale, &c., in the said opera. Signor Ricordi, thus possessed of the
copyright, brought the opera to England in June of the same year, and
sold the English copyright to the plaintiff. The music was duly entered
at Stationers' Hall. The defendant subsequently published some of the
airs, and plaintiff brought the action in question against him for the
alleged piracy, and obtained a verdict. A rule was since obtained to set
aside the verdict, and for a new trial, on the ground of rejection of
evidence tendered by the defendant in support of the plea denying that
the music was first published in England, and also on the ground that a
foreigner could not have any power to transfer copyright in England in
respect to a work which had been previously published abroad. The case
came on, on Tuesday, for argument. —Mr. Sergeant Byles, Mr. Boville, and
Mr. Heniker showed cause against the rule; Mr. Sergeant Shee and Mr.
Crompton appeared in support of it. —The court took time to consider.

BAIL-COURT.

THE ALLEGED ROBBERY OF BANK NOTES. —On Tuesday, Mr. Ballantine applied
to admit a person of the name of Abraham Simmonds, now a prisoner in
Newgate, to bail. The party on whose behalf he made the application was
a publican carrying on business in the Blackfriars-road, and he had been
brought up before the Lord Mayor, charged with having stolen two bank
notes. It appeared that some few years ago a Mr. Blakemore, M.P., having
received a large amount of money, from the banking-house of Masterman
and Co., had afterwards either dropped or had taken from him three
bank-notes, amounting to £3,000; one of the notes had been traced, but
nothing was heard of the other two until lately, when they were
presented at the London and Westminster Bank, who sent them on to the
Bank of England, and they were then traced to Mr. Simmonds. The prisoner
was able to offer four most substantial persons as bail to any amount.
—Mr. Bodkin, who appeared for the prosecution, said that when the case
was before the Lord Mayor, his lordship re fused to admit the prisoner
to bail. On that occasion he neither supported nor opposed the
application which his learned friend (Mr. Ballantine) made. As to the
bail being substantial, his clients had inquired as to two of them, and
one was found to be anything but substantial. —His lordship said he
would look over the affidavits before he decided. —On Wednesday,
Justice. Wyghtman said that, after reading the affidavits, he was
disposed to admit the prisoner to bail. He must be bound himself in
£2,000 and four sureties in £150 each.
