SUSPECTED MURDER IN GLASGOW.

The North British Mail of Thursday says: —'Scarcely has the excitement
caused by the 'Motherwell mystery' had time to subside, when we are
startled by another case, equally mysterious, and in some points closely
resembling the ‘mysterious occurrence at Motherwell.’ A man, named James
M'Caffery, a furnaceman, in the employment of Messrs. Merry and
Cunningham, at Cairnbroe, disappeared on the morning of Sabbath last,
and has not been heard of. The facts of the case, so far as we have been
able to gather them, are as follows: —On Saturday night last, M'Caffery
was in Airdrie, along with his brother, John M'Caffery, and other two
men, Damned respectively John Mulholland and William M'Groty. They had
been in one or two public-houses, and at a late hour they left the town
to go home. The brother states that, instead of going direct home, they
went round by Whifflet, and went to a public-house there, where they had
'half a mutchkin,' He and his (now missing) brother then left to go
home. When they were near the bridge which crossed the Caledonian
railway at Whifflet, he heard two men coming running after them (not
those with whom they had been in company previously), and who, on coming
up to where they were, began to quarrel with his brother. James
M'Caffery then ran away, and the two men followed him to wards Greenend
and across the bridge over the Calder branch of the Monklands canal. In
a short time, one of the men returned, and. addressing John M'Caffery,
said with an oath. If you were not such an old man, I would give you as
much, or words to that effect, and then passed on; and John M'Caffery,
who seems to have been pretty much under the influence of drink at the
time, also went on homewards. A woman, who lives at the Old Store,
Calder, just immediately beside the bridge which crosses the canal
before referred to, says that about one or two o'clock on the Sabbath
morning she heard a noise of men quarrelling and fighting, and that she
heard some one say, ‘I'll have your life before you to Cairnbroe; and
she also heard cries of Murder!’ Since the occurrence diligent inquiries
have been made by the police of the missing man's relatives both here
and in Glasgow and elsewhere, but no trace of him has been found. The
canal has also been dragged by the police, under the superintendence of
Captain Clark and John M'Donald, Esq., procurator-fiscal; but although
it is stated that the missing man's bonnet has been found on the canal
bank, near to Suicide-bridge, nearly a mile distant from the place where
the quarrel commenced, up to the time we write the body has not been
discovered. Those who lived beside M'Caffery state that he and his wife
sometimes quarrelled, and that he was in the habit of leaving her for a
short time, but this statement is stoutly denied by the woman herself.
John M'Caffery states that the two men who man after his brother were
not personally known to him, and they are still at large. The whole
affair is shrouded in a mystery which, judging from present appearances,
will not be easily solved."
