THE ALLEGED CHILD MURDERS.

At the Central Criminal court on Saturday morning, Agnes Norman, a
servant girl, 15 years of age, was indicted before the Common Serjeant,
for the wilful murder of Jessie Jane Beer, a child of 14 months.

In opening the case Mr. Poland alluded to the circumstances under which
the child was found dead, and was proceeding to refer to deaths which
had occurred in other families in which the prisoner had been engaged as
a servant, when

Mr. Thomas objected to the introduction of matters not immediately
relating to the specific charge brought against the prisoner.

Some discussion took place on the point, and the Common Serjeant retired
to consult with the judges in the other courts. —On returning into
court, the Common Serjeant said he would admit the evidence, but reserve
the point.

Evidence was then given, the first witness being William Beer, the
father of the deceased child. He stated that he lived at 58,
Newington-butts, and that the prisoner entered his service on the 4th
April, as a general servant. On Good Friday he and his wife left the
house about three in the afternoon, leaving their three children, the
eldest of whom was six years old, in the charge of the prisoner:
Returning shortly before 12, they found the prisoner asleep in a chair
in the parlour, and upon going upstairs they found the youngest child
dead in bed. A doctor came shortly afterwards, and said the child had
been dead two hours. Witness asked the prisoner when she had last seen
her alive, and she said she put her to bed at half-past 10.

Rosina Beer, the wife of the last witness, gave evidence of a similar
character.

Dr. Lees, who made the post-mortem examination of the body of the child,
said there were two marks on the lip corresponding with the shape and
size of two teeth. The appearance indicated death from suffocation.

Further evidence of a medical character was given; and in the result the
jury returned a verdict of "Not guilty."

The prisoner was then indicted for having attempted to strangle a boy
named Charles Parfitt.

The jury found the prisoner “Guilty” of the attempted strangulation.

Sentence was deferred till next session.
