CROYDON PETTY SESSIONS.

COMMITTAL FOR HORSE STEALING. –Edward Warne, stableman, of
Surrey-street, Croydon, was charged on remand with stealing from Big
Roke farm, Coulsdon, a chestnut golding, value 50l., the property of
Mary Ann Sedgwick, of the Watford brewery. It appeared that the horse
had been put out to grass and to rest, and on the afternoon of Whit
Monday the prisoner was seen riding the animal at a furious pace towards
Croydon. He was pursued for a considerable distance, and was showing the
horse to some gipsies when the prosecutrix’s manager drove up and gave
him into custody. When asked to account for his possession of the animal
the prisoner said that his "governor" had instructed him to take it out
for exercise, adding that he had no intention of stealing it. He now
informed the Bench that the horse was old and worn out, and not worth
more than 20l. He was guilty of taking it, but it was all through the
drink. –Sir Thomas Edridge fully committed the prisoner for trial at the
Surrey sessions.

CONFESSION OF MURDER AT CROYDON. –At a late hour on Friday night a
mulatto entered the Croydon police-court and told the serjeant on duty
that he wished to give himself un for causing the death of two men by
shooting them, and murderously assaulting another by striking him with
an earthenware vessel. As his manner seemed strange the officer detained
him in the library and telegraphed his description to all the
metropolitan police-stations, with the result that at an early hour
yesterday morning a message was received from Rochester-row,
Westminster, stating that the man “wanted” there on a charge of
violently assaulting a person in the manner described, and the prisoner
was subsequently conveyed to London. —The police regard the
self-accusation of murder as a delusion.

________________________

HUSBANDS AND WIVES.

William John Thompson, aged 41, a labourer, of Queen's-square, Holloway,
was charged on a warrant, at North London police-court, yesterday, with
using threats towards his wife, Sarah Thompson. —Prosecutrix, a
respectable looking woman, said the prisoner behaved towards her in a
most violent manner, and had done so ever since they had been married.
In 1889 he attempted to murder her by cutting her throat, and for that
he was sentenced at the sessions to 12 months' hard labour. She met him
as he left the gaol, and took him home, but he broke out again and was
sentenced to a month's imprisonment for assaulting her. When that
sentence had expired they lived together again, but he had frequently
threatened her, and she was now thoroughly afraid of him. She did not
want to hurt the prisoner; she wanted protection. —Mr. Corser called
upon the prisoner to find a security in 20l. to keep the peace for six
months; or three months' imprisonment in default.
