MUTINY ON BOARD A QUEEN'S SHIP.

At the Mansion-house, on Tuesday, Richard Edwards and James Meek were
brought before Alderman Gibbs, upon the charge of having endeavoured to
excite a revolt on board her Majesty's cutter Gossamer, on the Dutch
coast. The prisoners had been brought home in irons. Mr. Swainson, from
the office of the solicitor to the Admiralty, attended for the
prosecution; Mr. Wontner appeared for the prisoners. —The following is
the essential part of the evidence, which was detailed at considerable
length: —

Mr. D. Hall, second master in her Majesty's navy, and commander of her
majesty's cutter Gossamer, said: —The prisoners were able seamen on
board the Gossamer, which was at the time I speak of surveying on the
coast of the Netherlands. I believe them to be under martial law. I
hired them both in her Majesty's service. On the 16th of September,
about eight in the morning, the vessel was lying in the port of
Nieudiep, in the Netherlands. Edwards advised the crew to come aft to me
on the quarter-deck. I went on deck and found the crew there. One of the
crew, named Widyer, said he thought himself not properly treated; upon
which the prisoner Edwards turned round and demanded his discharge of
me. I remonstrated with him and with the rest of the crew, and explained
to them the folly of such conduct, mentioning at the same time that the
ship had been robbed of two muskets, which formed part of her
ammunition. They said they were sorry for it, or something to that
effect; and I said, perhaps when we overhaul the vessel we shall find
the fourth gib gone; upon hearing which the prisoner Meek became so
violent that some of the other men were obliged to hold him back.
Speaking of me, and pointing at me, he said, "Let me at—;" Edwards,
pointing at Meek, said, "I know what that man is if he gets from the
men;" meaning, as I believed, that he had no command of himself. To
avoid the violence with which I considered myself to be threatened I
took refuge in the cabin. I was compelled to leave the quarter-deck for
my personal safety. While in the cabin or adjoining it, I heard Edwards
remark, "that he would be — if he would go to sea in the ship, or if he
did, he would not work, neither would he let me;" and he said at the
same time, if I took him to sea he would throw me overboard as I was
heaving the log. The position in which I should be in throwing the log
would be with my back to the crew, so that I could be thrown over the
gunwale. I then went on deck and desired them to go to their duty. The
prisoners remained amongst the men, as I had no means of shutting them
up. All returned to their duty except Edwards. Meek returned to his
duty; but observing that he was not sober, I recommended him to go to
bed. I next directed the men to go to breakfast. After breakfast I
allotted each man his work, when Edwards coming up, and seeing Widyer at
work, put himself in a boxing attitude, and tried to excise him to go
ashore and fight. I ordered Widyer to go below to avoid any injury, and
Edwards then demanded his discharge, swearing that he did not care a —
for me or all the consuls on shore. I replied, "You are in a foreign
port, and I cannot discharge you without sufficient funds to pay your
passage home; besides which, your services are required here to take the
vessel back to England." He went below, and said he would be — if he
would go in the vessel, because he knew that when we got to Grimsby I
should imprison him. Finding that he could not get his discharge, he
called Meek, and said he would not go without his old chummie (Meek),
and then both of them went down, packed up their things, and brought
them on deck, demanding of me their register tickets. I told them again
I would not discharge them, and Edwards said he was discharged by me;
and when told by Mr. Jones, the master's assistant, that I had done
nothing of the kind, be said the assistant was a — liar. At that moment
Meek attacked another of the crew, named John Webb, whom I was obliged
to send (bleeding at the ear) out of the ship to avoid further violence.
After this transaction the remainder of the crew told me they did not
think it safe to go with the vessel if those men remained, and I
obtained the assistance of some Dutch soldiers, and had the prisoners
conveyed to the guard ship, which lay near the Gossamer.

Mr. Wontner said the prisoners never had entertained the most remote
idea of exciting a revolt. They were, in fact, two Yarmouth fishermen,
who had been hired for duty in a Queen's ship, with the strict
regulations of which they were not acquainted. They wanted to go. ashore
to get fresh provisions, to which they had always been accustomed; and
having got drunk, their prudence of course left them, and they were met
by the intemperate authority of the commander, who was not disposed to
make any allowance for their former habits or condition.

Alderman Gibbs said he would look over the depositions, and give his
decision upon the case on Friday.
