LAW INTELLIGENCE.

COURT OF COMMON PLEAS.

WALLACK v. WEBSTER. —This was an action for an alleged breach of
agreement in theatrical matters (heard on Friday) of which the following
is a summary: —Mr. Wallack's engagement with Mr. Webster was from March
1851 to June, 1852, at 30l. per week, the engagement to be subject to
the rules of the theatre. Mr. Wallack appeared and utterly failed. Mr.
Webster offered every inducement to Mr. Wallack to cancel the engagement
without success. Mr. Wallack subsequently committed various breaches in
the rules, and in particular by not attending the preliminary meeting of
the company for the season 1851 and 1852, but Mr. Webster being absent
from England, and not being informed of such breach being committed, Mr.
Wallack was paid a week's salary subsequent to such breach by the
treasurer. Mr. Webster, on being informed of the breach, discharged Mr.
Wallack, and an action was brought for arrears of salary, and it was
objected by Mr. Wallack that the breach was condoned by the payment of
the week's salary. At the trial it was intimated to Mr. Webster's
advisers that Mr. Wallack would compromise, and offered to abandon all
claims on payment of 500l, but 300l, was offered and accepted. —This
being a virtual abandonment of an engagement considerably above 1,000l.
in value, the compromise was evidently an advantageous arrangement for
Mr. Webster, and was literally a verdict in Mr. Webster's favour.

WESTMINSTER COUNTY COURT.

THE BRIGHTON CASE. —TIMEWELL V. BROOME. —This was an action (before the
court on Tuesday) brought by the plaintiff, a tailor, carrying on
business at the west-end, against John Broome, of the Rising Sun,
Air-street, Piccadilly, to recover the sum of 9l. 10s. —Mr. E. T. Smith,
80, St. Martin's- lane, appeared for the defendant, and applied for an
adjournment, on the ground that he had been unexpectedly called away to
Birmingham with reference to the Brighton case, which had been so much
before the public during the last six months. —The plaintiff's attorney
said he had a written offer to pay, and also a written promise to pay.
—Mr. Smith: We are prepared to admit 2l. 10s.; for the rest, Mr. Broome
denies his liability. My client is not likely to be in town for a
fortnight, and therefore I must press for an adjournment. —Plaintiff's
attorney: I am afraid, sir, he is very likely to be away, and that is
the very reason I want to bring it on now; besides, I understand he is
going to leave his house. —The learned judge: I really think I ought to
make an order; here is an ad mission of the debt. —Mr. Smith: I hope
your honour will adjourn it, for my client is away about this case which
has so long engrossed every one's attention. —The learned judge: It does
not engross my attention (laughter). —A man named Haines proved the
handwriting of Broome. —Mr. Smith applied for a week, to enable the
defendant, if possible, to move for a new trial; and reprobated the
practice of making unfounded statements, as had been done against his
client with reference to his leaving his house, whilst nothing of the
kind was the fact. —Verdict for the plaintiff, with costs, to be paid in
a week.
