THE "FREETHINKER" LIBELS.

On Monday, at the Mansion-house police-court Messrs. Ramsay, Foote, and
Whittle, described at the proprietor, editor, and printer of the Free
thinker, again appeared, in answer to their bail, charged with having in
certain issues of that paper published scandalous and blasphemous
libels. Mr. Charles Bradlaugh, the lessee of the premises in
Stonecutter-street, where the business of the Free thought Publishing
company is carried on, was also summoned for the same offence. —Mr.
Bradlaugh, on the opening of the case, raised several technical
objections, which the Lord Mayor overruled. —Mr. Moloney refrained from
openly reading the libels in court, owing to their odious and
blasphemous nature, and at the suggestion of the Lord Mayor he merely
supplied the dates of the several issues. In the last number, from which
the usual obscene woodcut was omitted, there was a paragraph evidently
written by one of the defendants, in which it was stated that he
intended to make the ears of the court tingle before he had done with
it. —Mr. R. Woodhams, manager of the branch of the London and
Westminster bank, St. John's-wood, produced a signature book and an
entry relating to the Freethought Publishing company's account. The
entry was made by Mr. Bradlaugh, Mrs. Besant, and witness himself, and
was dated January, 1877. —The production of the pass-book and certain
cheques payable to Ramsay was objected to by Mr. Bradlaugh. —Mr. Moloney
said the object of putting in the cheques was to show that Ramsay, Foote
and Whittle were the servants of Mr. Bradlaugh. —Mr. Bradlaugh admitted
that Ramsay was the manager of the Freethought Publishing company.
—After a lengthy discussion, the Lord Mayor ordered the banker's book
and the cheques to be impounded, so as to facilitate reference to them
hereafter.

On Friday, Mr. Lickfold applied that the case might be withdrawn against
the defendant Whittle, who was merely the printer, and who knew nothing
whatever of the article or contents of the paper complained of. He was
willing to undertake that he would not interfere any further with the
printing of the paper. —Mr. Moloney being willing, the case was then
withdrawn as against Whittle.

The Lord Mayor committed the other defendants for trial, and fixed Mr.
Bradlaugh's bail—himself in 100l., and the other defendants in their own
recognisances of 100l. each.
