TRIAL OF THE ISLINGTON MURDERER

(From our later editions of last week.)

John Lynch, 29, tailor, was indicted on Friday, at the Old Bailey, for
the wilful murder of his wife, Bridget Lynch. The learned counsel for
the prosecution, in opening the case to the jury, described it as being
one of a melancholy character, the prisoner, a young man in the prime of
life, being charged with the wilful and deliberate murder of his wife, a
young woman only 24 years of age at the time she met her untimely death.
The prisoner was a journeyman tailor, and he was married to the deceased
about nine years ago, the deceased, of course, at that time being only
15 years of age. They resided at Russell-street, Brighton, and had four
children, but the youngest died in June last, and this event appeared to
have very much distressed the deceased, and it would seem that the
prisoner entertained some feeling of jealousy towards her. The parties
came to London from Brighton, on the 28th of July, and the deceased,
with her three children, went to the house of her uncle, a person named
Carmoodie, who resided at 2, Peabody-buildings, Islington. The prisoner
went to their house on the 30th of July in a state of intoxication, and
threw himself on the bed, when the deceased went into the room with the
eldest child, and the child ran out exclaiming, “Oh, daddy is beating
mamma," and Mrs. Carmoodie went to fetch in a policeman. The deceased
was then seen to be crying, and the prisoner went up to her and struck
her on the side of the head. A policeman then arrived and went into the
bedroom, and Mr. Carmoodie asked the constable to put the prisoner out
of the place. In the presence of the constable the prisoner attempted to
strike the deceased, and the constable put him out of doors, but as the
parties refused, to make any charge against him he was allowed to go. He
returned shortly afterwards and asked the deceased to go with him. She
refused, and said, "What is the use of my going with you, when you have
no home to take me to?" and the prisoner left. The deceased was then
sent away to some person in the Commercial-road, but she returned again
to Peabody-buildings to the house of her aunt, and it appeared that as
she was going along she met the prisoner in Little Britain, and he
struck her in the face and made her mouth bleed. The deceased went again
to her aunt's on Sunday. the 5th of August, about nine o'clock in the
morning, and about five o'clock in the afternoon a message was brought
by a child, and the deceased put on her hat and went out with her aunt
to the corner of Greenman-street, where they met the prisoner, and all
three walked some distance together until they arrived at Marquess road.
Down to this time they were all friendly, and no angry words were
spoken. The party went into a public-house, and the prisoner asked the
deceased and her aunt to drink, and the three had some lemonade and
whisky, the prisoner drinking out of the same glass with the deceased.
They went out together, and the deceased asked the prisoner if anyone
was waiting for him, and he replied, "Only Martin and Patsy," his two
brothers. The prisoner whistled, and the two brothers joined them, and
they all went back to the same public-house and had some whisky and
stout, and remained there for about 20 minutes, and one of the two
brothers said he was glad to see the prisoner and his wife together
again. They all then went to another public house, and when they came
out they stood talking! together a short time, and the two brothers then
called a cab. At this moment the deceased turned round to Mrs. Carmoodie
and said, "Aunt, what do you think? Patsy says Johnny has got a razor."
Martin jumped out of the cab and said something to the prisoner; and the
deceased went up to him and said, "Johnny, surely you have not got a
razor about you; what do you want that for?" He said nothing; and the
deceased said, "Let me try your pockets, Johnny. I've often tried your
pockets; it's no harm," and she tried to put her hand towards his
breast-coat pocket. The prisoner at this moment drew a razor from his
pocket inflicted a fearful gash in her throat, and she fell to the
ground, exclaiming, "Aunt, I am killed," which were all the words she
could utter before she was a corpse. The prisoner asked if the woman was
dead, and he then exclaimed to Mr. Carmoodie, "You see, Jack, I have had
my satisfaction; this will teach you to harbour a man's wife and
children." When the charge was read to him at the police-station, he
said, "I plead guilty."—The jury, without retiring from the box,
returned a verdict of "Guilty" of wilful murder, and the learned judge
passed sentence of death without holding out to the prisoner the
slightest hope of mercy.
