THE HANWAY-STREET MYSTERY.

At Marlborough-street police-court on Tuesday, James Walker, charged
with stabbing two persons in Hanway-street, Oxford-street, named Brown
and Pollard, and causing the death of the latter, a seaman, aged 21; and
further with assaulting a lad, named Edwin Pollard, by biting him on the
cheek, was again brought up. —A man named Neara said a woman, called
"Mog Griffin," picked up a knife, 2in. in length, and gave it to him,
but he threw it away. In answer to the solicitor, the witness said there
was no blood on the handle of the knife. Mr. Hudson, house surgeon at
the Middlesex hospital, said the length of the wound on Pollard was
13/8in. in extent, and 2in. deep. –Edwin Pollard, a lad, repeated the
evidence he gave on a previous occasion, and, in answer to questions,
admitted, after being severely rebuked by Mr. Newton, that he had not
told the truth on the previous occasion, as he had said that the
prisoner met with the injury to the head by falling, whereas he got them
from kicks he (witness) inflicted on him. —The prisoner told Mr. Newton
it was no use asking the witness any questions after that statement.
–Alfred Brown, one of the injured men, having given some evidence, the
prisoner put some questions, his object being to show that there had
been a regular fight or scrimmage between all parties, and the witness,
Alfred Brown, said he did not know where he was stabbed or who stabbed
him. He did not even at first know he was stabbed. —Inspector Maddocks
said that when the prisoner was charged he said, "The villains used a
knife on me, and I did not on them." The prisoner, who had a wound on
his head, made a statement, which he (Inspector Maddocks) took down.
–Mr. Newton: This is the first time, although the case has been before
me three: or four times, that I have heard anything about this
statement. It is monstrous. There never was a case worse conducted. Let
the matter be reported. It shall not stop here. —Mr. Atkinson, partner
to Mr. Lloyd, divisional surgeon of the E division, said the prisoner's
wound could not have been inflicted by the lad's boot, which he examined
in court, but with some sharp instrument. –The prisoner, who said he was
wounded in the affray, was remanded.
