LATEST FOREIGN NEWS.

LLOYD'S WEEKLY NEWSPAPER OFFICE,

SATURDAY NIGHT.

ALLEGED CONSPIRACY TO ASSASSINATE LOUIS NAPOLEON.

PARIS, FRIDAY.

I have just been informed that an important discovery has been made in a
house at the Batignolles. This discovery was nothing less than a machine
formed on the model of Fieschi's murderous engine. It is described as
composed of fourteen barrels, each from three to four feet long, made of
cast iron, and capable of containing each about twenty musket bullets.
The ends of these barrels are said to be so skilfully stopped as,
according to the armourer who examined them, to render their firing in a
wrong direction utterly impossible.

It is said that the police found fourteen men in the house, and some of
them actually at work at the machine, which was very nearly completed.
They were arrested, and, after some examination, taken to the
prefecture, where they arrived at a little before nine o'clock. In
consequence of further information ten men more have been since taken
into custody; these last were not in the house when first visited by the
police; they were arrested in their respective domiciles. The details of
the affair are not yet known with any degree of certainty. Rumours of a
conflicting nature are in circulation as to the political character of
the parties engaged in this affair. Probably they ought not to be
comprised in any.

PARIS, FRIDAY EVENING.

The general impression now, respecting the alleged conspiracy is that it
is greatly exaggerated by the Patrie. The Constitutional, in fact,
admits it to be so, and says that the only things discovered were some
firearms. At the Bourse the whole affair has been treated as a mere
attempt on the part of M. de Maupas to increase his own importance.

AMERICA.

The Hermann steamer has arrived with papers from New York of the 19th
ult. The latest accounts of the ballot for president by the Whig
National Convention at Baltimore give the numbers as follows: -General
Scott, 134; Fillmore, 128; and Webster, 30.

An arrival from Honduras stated that the island of Ruatan, with five
other islands dependent on Honduras Bay, had refused to acknowledge
British authority, and claimed the protection of the independent state
of Honduras, which had been granted to them. Everything was represented
as being in a state of rebellion.
