ACTION FOR LIBEL AGAINST THE "STANDARD."

RISK ALLAH V. JOHNSTONE AND ANOTHER. —This was an action (tried in the
Court of Queen's Bench yesterday morning) against the proprietor of the
Standard newspaper for a libel contained in a leading article, published
in the Standard shortly after the trial of the plaintiff at Brussels, on
the alleged charges of murder and forgery.

Mr. Baker Greene said that it would be mere affectation to infer that
the gentlemen of the jury were ignorant of the case which had just
terminated and in which the plaintiff in the present action had obtained
a verdict. The present case, however, was a totally different one, the
onus being thrown on the defendants, who were the proprietor and
publisher of the Standard, Evening Standard, and Herald. The defendants
did not deny the libel; they admitted it, and had placed four distinct
pleas on the record. In the first place they pleaded that the libels
were inserted without malice; secondly, that they were inserted without
gross negligence; thirdly, that before the action was commenced, they
inserted an ample apology; and, fourthly, for the damages which the
plaintiff had sustained they had paid 20s. into court as compensation.
If the jury were of opinion that the defendants did not establish any
one of those pleas, it would be their duty to return a verdict for the
plaintiff. Having stated the issue involved, the learned counsel
proceeded to explain the facts of the case and the libels complained of.
He said that the plaintiff had never traded on his reputation, and even
at the present time he was perfectly prepared, if the defendants would
withdraw the imputations which they had made on the plaintiff, to
discontinue the action.

Mr. Coleridge said the defendants had already done so in the fullest
possible way, and they thought that quite sufficient; they had corrected
every point on which the plaintiff had requested correction in his own
words. He was quite willing on behalf of the defendants that a juror
should be withdrawn. —Mr. Baker Greene could not assent to that course.

A copy of the apology which the plaintiff had de sired should be
inserted was put in and read. The

letters of the defendants admitting the libel were also put in. This was
the case for the plaintiff.

Mr. Coleridge addressed the jury on behalf of the defendants, and said
he left the issue with the greatest confidence in the hands of the jury.

The learned judge summed up and the jury returned a verdict for the
defendants.
