TRIALS AT THE MIDDLESEX SESSIONS.

ALLEGED ROBBERY BY A BARMAN. —Frank Hembury, 17, barman, was indicted
for having stolen the sum of 7s., the money of Richard Henry Jackson,
his master. –The prisoner had been for some time in the prosecutor's
employ as barman at the Dudley Arms, Harrow-road, Paddington, and it was
his duty to be in the bar from five to nine o'clock each morning. In
consequence of the receipts having recently fallen off considerably,
Serjeant Crane was communicated with, and the 18th December he resorted
to the usual method of marking a quantity of half-crowns and florins.
When Mr. Jackson came down on the morning of the 19th, he, in Serjeant
Crane's presence, called him into the private parlour and asked him to
turn out the contents of his pockets. He produced altogether two
half-crowns and two florins of the marked money but one of the latter
being insufficiently marked, it was not included in the indictment. –For
the defence the same plea was advanced by Mr. Geoghegan as that given by
the prisoner when arrested–that, his employer having paid him his wages
in small money on the previous day, he had simply exchanged the
shillings for the larger pieces, as they were more convenient. –The
jury, believing this to be the case, returned a verdict of "Acquittal,"

THE ROBBERY AT APSLEY HOUSE. —Alfred Sutton, painter, again surrendered
to his bail, to answer an indictment charging him with having stolen a
purse containing 10s., the property of Fanny Hartridge, one of the
housemaids at Apsley house, the town residence of the Duke of
Wellington. –The prisoner, it will be remembered, was placed on his
trial last sessions, and, after a prolonged hearing, the jury failed to
agree. They were accordingly discharged, and prisoner's bail was
enlarged to the present sessions. –Prisoner was in the employ of Messrs.
Maple and Co., of Tottenham-court-road, and had, with other workmen,
been sent to Apsley house for the purpose of redecorating a portion of
it. The prosecutrix had left the purse in the kitchen while she went
into the pantry, and on returning found it had gone. Prisoner was
suspected, and on being given into custody the money was found on him,
and the purse was concealed near where he had been at work. –The jury
returned a verdict of "Guilty," and the prisoner was sentenced to six
months' hard labour.
