LATEST OLD BAILEY TRIALS

ROBBERY AND VIOLENCE BY A SOLDIER. —James Fletcher, a soldier wearing
the uniform of the Grenadier guards, was indicted for a robbery with
violence on Bridget Harris, and stealing from her a watch and other
articles, her property. —The prosecutrix was a domestic servant employed
at the Trafalgar hotel, Trafalgar-square, and having been allowed a
holiday on Sunday, the 27th of August last, she went out to visit her
sister and mother. She was returning home about eleven o'clock on the
same night, and while passing along the Horse-guards parade, in St.
James's-park, she was accosted by the prisoner, who seized her by the
throat, made a snatch at her watch, which was attached to a guard-chain
round her neck, and the chain breaking the prisoner obtained possession
of the watch, and immediately knocked her down and then ran away,
pursued by an intelligent lad named Colling, who had witnessed the
robbery. The screams of the prosecutrix attracted a police constable
named Wood, who found her lying on the ground. He raised her up, and
then went in pursuit of her assailant, who in the meantime however had
been taken into custody by Constable Bartholomew, 545 A, acting on the
information of the lad Colling. The prisoner, when brought to the spot
where the robbery had taken place, was at once identified and charged by
the prosecutrix with the robbery. He became violent, bit one of the
constables severely in the arm, and it required the aid of three persons
besides the two officers to convey him to the police station. The watch
was not found. —The defence set up by the prisoner was that the
prosecutrix had been in his company treating him all the afternoon, and
for that purpose he called two of his comrades. The jury, after a short
conference, returned a verdict of "Guilty." —In answer to the court, the
sergeant of the prisoner's company said that he bore a very bad
character in the regiment. —The recorder said the prisoner was very
properly convicted of a cruel and unmanly robbery, and had aggravated
his serious offence by the defence he had attempted. The sentence of the
court was that he be kept in penal servitude for the term of seven
years.

BURGLARY. —John Douley, twenty-two, was indicted for having
burglariously broken into the dwelling-house of William Weall, and
stealing a purse and other property. —The evidence clearly proved that
the prisoner entered, the premises of the prosecutor, situated at
Lothbury-park, Brixton. Some of the property stolen was found on the
prisoner. —In his defence, the prisoner said that the robbery was very
much exaggerated, and that it was possible the policeman who took him
into custody, and who was silly, was the real thief. —The jury, without
waiting for his lordship to sum up, said they were satisfied of the
prisoner's guilt. —Mr. Besley said that when the prisoner was in custody
he told Mr. Weall that a quarter cask of sherry, which he had upset, was
the only thing worth having. —His lordship sentenced the prisoner to
twelve months' imprisonment with hard labour.

THE CASE OF ALLEGED CONCEALMENT OF BIRTH. —On Wednesday, Mary Gennaw,
twenty-eight, spinster, was indicted for having concealed the birth of a
child of which she had been delivered. The indictment charged Thomas
Aldridge with complicity, but with respect to him the grand jury had
ignored the bill. —From Mr. Lilley's opening it transpired that so far
from concealment, the prisoner had not only mentioned her condition to
several persons, but had actually employed an undertaker publicly to
inter the child. —Mr. Cooper, on this, submitted the indictment could
not be sustained. — The recorder concurred, and directed the jury to
acquit the prisoner, who was at once discharged.
