EXTRAORDINARY SUICIDE BY A CHEMIST.

On Wednesday, a long inquiry was gone into before Mr. W. Carter, the
coroner, at the Marlborough Arms Tavern, Westmoreland-place, Camberwell,
touching the death of Mr. W. Augustine Dubourg, aged twenty-nine, who
destroyed himself in a most remarkable manner.

The deceased is the son of the Rev. Mr. Dubourg, a dissenting minister
at Clapham, and carried on business as a chemist at 7, Wellington-place,
Southampton-street, Camberwell. He was a single man, and his servant
having left him, a young female, named Dale, went daily to attend to the
house, and cook his provisions. On Sunday last he had his meals in bed,
which was not unusual on a Sunday. After dinner he told her to come and
make his tea between six and seven, which she did. She observed a
wine-glass with a piece of writing-paper over it by his side, and while
she had gone down to pre pare his tea she heard him vomiting, and upon
going back she discovered he was in a fit. He opened his eyes, groaned
very much, and she ran for Mr. Castles, a neighbour, who ordered a
surgeon to be sent for, and Mr. Bankier, of the Surrey Villa, attended,
but on his arrival he was quite dead. He detected the smell in the room
to be that of prussic acid, and the body threw out the same effluvium. A
bottle containing the poison was found in the room, and three notes, one
addressed Betsey," another "Mother," and the third "W. Carter, Esq.,
coroner." This was in the following terms:

“Southampton-street, Camberwell, April 5, 1851.

"Dear Sir, —I am so excited I cannot address you, I fear, to such
purpose as I wish. It will be evident to you this is the work of my own
hand. My health has been failing by degrees, until at last I have found
myself so totally unfit for business, particularly such a business as
mine. At times I have suffered incredibly—frequently I have been
compelled to throw a mixture away three or four times before I could be
positive as to which ingredient I had put in it. At another time, for
three or four days, I could not calculate what cash I had taken in the
day. I am now suffering so much, that I can give no better explanation.
—I am, dear sir, yours respectfully,

"W. Carter, Esq." "W. A. DUBOURG." It will be seen that this is dated
the day previous to the commission of the act, and Mr. Bankier said he
had observed a great aberrage in the deceased's manner. —The jury
returned a verdict, that "The deceased destroyed himself while in a
state of temporary insanity."
