BREACH OF PROMISE CASE.

At the Sheriff's court, on Thursday, before Mr. Under-sheriff Burchell
and a jury, the case of Miss Sarah Ann Charnell, a governess, residing
at Bindley-heath, God-stone, against Mr. James Mitchell, assessor of
taxes and agent, of Chapel-street, Ilkeston, came on for assessment of
damages, judgment having gone by default in the High Court of Justice.
—The case for the plaintiff, as given in evidence, was that she was
engaged to the defendant for about a year up to eight years ago, when
the engagement was broken off, to be renewed, at the solicitation of the
defendant, at Christmas, 1887. There were a large number of letters of
the ordinary amatory description, but counsel did not put them in, as he
thought it only necessary to bring forward evidence as to the
defendant's means. A letter was put in written by Mr. Mitchell to the
plaintiff stating that he had been elevated from the position of
collector of taxes to that of assessor, and as he was also an agent for
the Prudential Assurance company, the plaintiff concluded that he was in
a good position. In one of the letters the defendant said he had been to
his sister's wedding, and added, "I should not like a wedding to come
every week, for this present one has cost me between 15l, and 20l. Of
course the money is not thrown away." –The Under-sheriff: That letter
might be variously interpreted (a laugh). —Mr. Hopkins said the
plaintiff had escaped marrying a man whose gross income was only 114l. a
year, and, after necessary expenses and travelling were deducted, a net
income of 80l., or 30s. a week. —The defendant gave evidence in support
of this statement as to the extent of his means, and said. he had
written a letter to Miss Charnell prior to the one given above, in which
he told her he had come to the conclusion that it was better for him "to
paddle through life alone," and that it seemed Fate had designed he
should refrain from entering "the blessed state." –The learned
Under-sheriff advised the jury to assess the damages at a moderate
figure, as in that case the plaintiff was likely to recover, while if
large damages were assessed it was probable she would get nothing.
–After a few minutes' consideration the jury assessed the damages at
40l.
