NOTICES TO CORRESPONDENTS.

T. J. —The offer of our seed for nothing but a postage stamp turns out a
swindle. We have now several letters complaining that they sent stamps
as required, and received—nothing. We cautioned people early enough

K. (Stow market). —Lime water is the only thing that will kill the rub
and not damage the plant, Auricular seed is generally half a crown or
five shillings a packet, but the quality is uncertain.

H. W. —The Egyptian pea is curious, and as good as the ordinary sorts to
eat.

CUCUMBERS. —A. —Make the hot-bed four feet thick of dung, let there be
six or eight inches of good foam from rotted turns; place two plants in
the centre of your sized frame. Sow your own seed if you can; but
nurserymen will supply the plants.

AIREDALE HORTICULTURAL AND POULTRY SHOW. —We see nothing really
objectionable in the schedule enclosed by. J. C, but we prefer less
number of subjects and more prizes for each if we have any control. The
prizes for cut flowers are too numerous by half. Such spinning out of
the prizes enables one man to carry off too many. Still, according to
the present system, it is as good as its contemporaries. The show being
on the 14th of August, pinks will not be good for much.

D. J. —Messrs. Dillistone and Co., of Sturmer, keep collections of rock
plants; they generally run from 20s. to 25s. per 100, or 5s. per dozen.

DELAYS must often occur in answering correspondents in the paper; our
portion is printed first, and the answers are often ten days old, which,
in pressing matter, must often be useless. For the twentieth time we beg
correspondents who desire early answers to address us at Dusgennan
house, Fulham, enclose a directed envelope. We wish to be useful to all
the readers of LLOYD's. When the answers interest the public, we will
insert them in the paper in due time.

AN AMATEUR. –We cannot entertain complaints of vegetable seems, when the
failure may be the result of mismanagement or bad seasons.

R. (U toxeter). —Very fine flower in other respects, but sadly motioned
in the petals—a capital bedding variety.

H. B M. —Too late or a pear tree. Williams's Bon Crieton will be the
best. Have a one year trained tree, and plant in November.

J. C. —Any nursery will supply you with a scarlet geranium. You must
begin with a young plant. But is it to be protected? It will not live
out of doors.
