DEATH BY STARVATION AT BROMLEY.

Mr. Richards, deputy-coroner, resumed, at the Earl of Ellesmere tavern,
Upper North-street, Bromley, on Wednesday night, the inquiry relative to
the death, from alleged neglect and ill-treatment, of William Conde,
aged twelve years.

A Schoolmistress, living in the house opposite to Conde's, deposed that
she used to see the unfortunate deceased kept standing for hours, “like
a little ghost,” against a wall, while his father and stepmother were at
their meals and the other children were playing about. The father, like
most working men in the district, had been for some time out of work,
but he received, for his family of five persons. 3s. weekly in money,
ten loaves of bread, 4lbs, of meat, 2lbs. of sugar, and lb. of tea from
the parish, and he got other relief from local charities.

Witnesses were called, who deposed to having noticed the emaciated
condition of the deceased, and to the fact of his having asked them for
bread, which they gave. One declared she had often heard the child
scream, as if being beaten. Another said she used to hear a child being
beaten on an average twice a week, but she could not say whether it was
the deceased child. Deceased did not appear to her to be an idiot. It
was said he was an idiot.

Mr. G. C. Kernott, M.R.C.S., said that he was called to the deceased on
Saturday week last, at half-past eleven o'clock. The body was nearly
rigid, and was wasted to a skeleton. The mouth was open, the tongue and
mouth dry and parched, the pulse weak. Witness ordered stimulants, but
without avail. Death supervened in two hours. The post-mortem
examination showed that the body was excessively emaciated; it weighed
20lb. 12oz. All the organs except the lungs were quite healthy. The
cause of death was the disease of the lungs, accelerated by want of the
necessaries of life.

The coroner said that although there was no moral doubt of the cruel
ill-treatment of the deceased, there was not any legal proof of the
fact.

Several of the jurors said that they had seen the boy's body, and from
the frightful condition to which it had been reduced, as well as from
other facts, they had no doubt that it was a case of slow murder, and
they asked for an adjournment, to see whether any additional evidence
could be procured.

The coroner concurred, and the court was accordingly adjourned.
