SUSPECTED CHILD MURDER AT ROCHESTER.

The inquiry into this case was resumed on Tuesday evening at six
o’clock. Henry Weekes surgeon, examined, stated that he resided at
Brompton, Chatham. On the morning of the 8th instant, about half past
ten o’clock, he called in at Captain Jenkins’s house, and was informed of
the illness of Elizabeth Mitchell, the servant. He went up to her room
and found her lying on the bed. She complained of a pain in her stomach.
Susannah Arman, the cook, was in the room; he wished to examine her. She
refused, but ultimately consented, and the result confirmed him in the
opinion that she was pregnant and about six months gone, but she denied
is strongly, and gave a different reason for her appearance. He returned
home and sent her an anodyne draught and a powder, which it appears she
never took. He visited Captain Jenkins’s house again about five minutes
after twelve, and from information he received before he went upstairs,
he inspected a shop pail, and was certain from what there saw that the
delivery of a child had taken place. He then visited Mitchell in her
bed-room; she was lying on the bed, dressed as before. Upon inquiry she
said she was better. She said she had taken some pills, which her
mistress had sent her, early in the morning, and they had relieved her.
This, however, was not true. Witness then told her he was sure she had
been delivered of a child. She strongly and repeatedly denied it but,
after much importunity, she said if he would shut the door, and promise
not to tell her mistress, she would tell him where the child was. She
left the bed, contrary to his advice, took a key from her pocket, and
unlocked a box, from whence she took a bundle, in which he found a male
child in a piece of wrapper apparently dead. The bundle was about half
way down the box, and covered over with several articles of clothing.
The child was merely laid in the wrapper, but not tied up. Witness
examined the child, and inquired of Mitchell it were born dead? She
replied “Yes,” it had never cried. Witness then examined the child
minutely to ascertain if it had been injured, but discovered no marks of
violence about it, nor any signs of life. All this time she was kneeling
by the box, and entreating witness not to mention it, and she would
dispose of it, believing it to be dead. It was, however, returned to the
box, and witness took the key. It was a full grown child. He believed
from its appearance it had been born alive, but died afterwards. She
confessed that she was delivered immediately after his first visit at
eleven o’clock. Witness then left the house, and at half-past two
returned again with Captain Jenkins, who determined to put the case into
the hands of the constable, and himself and constable went upstairs,
unlocked the box, took out the child, and to the surprise of all present
found it to be alive. He adopted the usual means for restoring
animation, and the child ultimately recovered, and was placed in bed
with its mother, who expressed herself much pleased at its restoration.
In the evening Captain Jenkins hired a close carriage, and she was
removed to her friends at Rochester, and witness continued to attend her
until the death of the child, which took place on Saturday morning,
about thirty-six hours after its birth, and in his opinion it died from
want of attention in the first instance, and secondly from being
deprived of proper air, by being confined in the box. By a juror: She
was removed by her own earnest request, and I assented to it. –P. W.
Jacobs, of Rochester, surgeon, stated that on Monday morning he made a
post mortem examination of the body, in the presence of the last
witness, and after describing the various appearances of the body gave
it as his opinion that death was caused by congestion of the lungs,
which prevented respiration from taking place, and which was produced
partly from malformation and partly by confinement in the box. He had no
doubt the child was born apparently dead. This witness’s examination
terminated the inquiry, and after a short adjournment the jury resumed
their duty at half-past eleven o’clock, and were immediately locked up
to consider their verdict. At seven o’clock in the morning the coroner,
finding there was no chance of their agreeing, discharged them, and has
given directions to summon another jury.
