CHARGE OF WILFUL MURDER.

Charlotte Cutler, aged 23, an unmarried woman, was indicted at the Old
Bailey on Thursday, for the wilful murder of her male illegitimate
child. The prisoner was admitted into the Kingston union workhouse on
the 3rd of June, and the child was born next morning. On the 2nd of July
she was discharged from the union, taking the child with her, and it was
stated that at this time it appeared well and hearty. The prisoner,
after leaving the workhouse, called at a public-house at Norbiton. She
left in the afternoon with her child, which was never again seen alive.
On the 18th of July the body of a child was discovered in a ditch at
Mortlake, and the case for the prosecution was that the prisoner had
wilfully caused the child's death by throwing it into the ditch. Several
articles of clothing were found on the body of the child, which were
identified by the nurse of the workhouse. When first asked what had
become of her child, she replied, "It's all right," and said that she
had sent it to Weybridge. She afterwards said that as she was going home
with the child, she met a woman near the bridge at Mortlake, and she
gave her a shilling to take care of it, and she went away with it; she
did not know what became of the child afterwards. She afterwards
inquired if a man, whose name she mentioned, and who she said was the
father of her child, was in trouble, and when she was told he was not
she said that he ought to have been, as he had taken charge of the
child. —Dr. Mullens, a surgeon, practising at Mortlake, spoke to the
condition of the child, and said he was unable to state what was the
cause of death. He added that the child was 23 inches long, and he
believed that it was from four to six months old, and he thought it
highly improbable that a child only a month old should attain the length
mentioned. —Mr. Warner Sleigh submitted that upon this evidence there
was no case to go to the jury, as there was nothing to contradict the
suggestion that the prisoner's child was alive at the present moment.
–The learned judge declined to stop the case, and Mr. Sleigh called Dr.
Rogers, the medical officer of the Strand union, who stated that it was
a very extraordinary occurrence for a child a month old to be 23 inches
long; and he was of opinion, from the evidence in this case, that the
child found in the ditch was at least three months old. –The jury in the
result "Acquitted" the prisoner.
