IRELAND.

The possession of the late James Carey's seat in the Dublin Town council
was decided on Monday. The candidates were the same as on the election
which has since been declared invalid, Dr. Wade (Liberal) and Mr. Shanks
(Conservative), and as before Dr. Wade was returned. The numbers were
–Wade, 124; Shanks, 110.

In the Nisi Prius Court, an application was made on Tuesday in the case
of "Connolly v. Carroll," on behalf of the defendant, for extension of
time to defend. The action was brought to recover 2,000l. for alleged
slander arising out of the case under investigation at Bruff, county
Limerick, in which the plaintiff the present proceedings, Dr. Connolly,
is charged, with his brother, with having conspired to murder Carroll,
the defendant. The slander complained of is the statement of Carroll
that the plaintiff had conspired to murder him. The application was
granted.

At the Kilmeague, county Kildare, Petty Sessions, on Tuesday, the Rev.
S. G. Cotton, manager of the Coragh orphanage, was summoned for
committing an aggravated assault upon five orphans by chaining and
logging their legs. Defendant took a preliminary objection to the
presence of one of the magistrates on the bench, Mr. Bury, alleging that
he had an animus against him. Mr. Bury declined to withdraw. The case
was eventually adjourned for a fortnight.

On Thursday the Rev. Thomas Ferris, Castle Lyons, county Cork, was
evicted from his residence, a small farm which he held on the estate of
Mr. John Walker Perrett. A large force of military and constabulary
accompanied the sub-sheriff. The Rev. T. Ferris was the first priest who
espoused the Land League programme in the East Riding of Cork.

On Friday night three farmers, named Casey, Summer, and Nester, were
lodged in Limerick gaol, charged with having fired at and wounded a man
named Culhane, who took a farm from which a farmer named Naughton been
evicted for nonpayment of rent. Three shots were fired at Culhane, whose
son, a police-constable, was with him at the time.

An important discovery of concealed arms was made on Tuesday in a bakery
establishment at 121, North Main-street, Cork, and three respectable
looking young men, named Michael Sweeney, John Fitzgerald, and Joseph
Stack, were brought before Mr. M'Dermott, R.M., at the police-office,
and charged with having possession of the arms. The prisoners were
remanded for eight days on bail.
