TRIALS AT THE MIDDLESEX SESSIONS.

MISCARRIAGE OF JUSTICE. –Samuel Sewell surrendered to his bail, charged
with wounding Eliza Platt and inflicting bodily harm. –By the advice of
his counsel the accused pleaded "Guilty" to a common assault. –It
appeared that the prosecutrix and her husband kept a fishmonger's shop
in Chapel-street, Clerkenwell. On the afternoon of Oct. 20, the
prosecutrix while she was in her shop heard cries of "Mercy!" and
"Police!" and ongoing out saw her brother, John Murphy, on the ground,
and the prisoner and five or six others kicking him. She begged of them
not to kill him, and while she was assisting him to get up, the
prisoner, who had an open knife in his hand, aimed with it a blow at her
head, but she received it on her finger, and afterwards she was thrown
down and kicked about the body in the most brutal manner. The prisoner
afterwards struck her husband, who went to her assistance. –Mr. Montagu
Williams said the prisoner was prepared to make the prosecutrix some
compensation to the amount of 2l. –This being considered satisfactory on
the part of the prosecution, Mr. Serjeant Cox ordered him to pay the
prosecutrix the sum of 2l., and to enter into his own recognisances in
the sum of 20l. to come up for judgment if called upon. –The prisoner
had not been many minutes discharged, when the prosecutrix entered the
court and said that she had never been consulted or ever given her
sanction to taking money for the injury that had been done to her, for
the prisoner had repeatedly threatened her since he had been out on
bail, and every moment she went in danger of her life. –Mr. Serjeant
Cox: If he does anything to you I will have him brought up next sessions
and severely punished. –The prosecutrix: That is poor compensation for
the injury that has been done, with my family of 11 children. I am so
bruised about my body that I am still suffering from the kicks I
received. I was nearly murdered. I don't want his money. I will not take
a penny of it, and all I want is justice. –Mr. Serjeant Cox said it was
then too late to do anything. –In the latter part of the day Mrs. Platt
again came to the court, and stated that the man Sewell had never paid
or offered the 2l., which the court had adjudged him to pay her.

STEALING AND RECEIVING. –George Dowman, car man, and Joseph Love,
marine-store dealer, were indicted, Dowman for stealing 24lbs. of soap,
the property of Henry John Cook and others, his masters. who are soap
manufacturers at Bow, and the said Joseph Love for feloniously receiving
the same, well knowing it to have been stolen. –The jury found the
prisoners "Guilty," and Mr. Lewis stated that since 1877 the prosecutors
had missed property to the value of about 1,500l. –Mr. Serjeant Cox said
there was nothing in this case which would lead him to depart from his
invariable rule of meting out to the receiver double the punishment he
gave the thief. He sentenced Dowman to nine and Love to 18 months' hard
labour.
