A STABBING CASE.

A boot and shoe maker named Edward Moss, aged 45, was charged at
Bow-street police-court, on Thursday, with feloniously cutting and
wounding Charles Winter, with intent to do him grievous bodily harm.
–Elizabeth Ann Winter, wife of the injured man, living at 10,
Vittoria-place, Duke's-road, St. Pancras, deposed that the prisoner was
a lodger and occupied the parlour. About half-past 12 on Wednesday
witness's husband knocked at the door of the prisoner's room and asked
him why he had insulted witness. There had been unpleasantness, and the
prisoner had said that he intended doing for her and her husband.
Witness heard the prisoner make use of some nasty language to her
husband, and then heard them struggling together. She went down and
found her husband holding the prisoner against the wall. The prisoner
had a knife in his hand. She saw him push it towards her husband, who
was bleeding from the face. She tried to get the knife away from the
prisoner, but in doing so received a cut on the band. Her husband got
away and went into the street, where he fell down. Assistance was
rendered, and he was taken to the hospital, where it was found that he
was suffering from a wound in the breast, two little lower down, and a
cuts on the face. —Police-constable 404 E, deposed that the prisoner
went up to him in Vittoria-place, and said, “I’ll give myself up,
policeman; I have done it in self-defence." He produced a shoemaker's
knife, and handed it to the constable. It had a very sharp edge. —Up to
a late hour last night fears were entertained that the injured man would
not survive, but Inspector Clifford stated that he was much better, and
would be enabled to give, evidence after he had undergone a course of
treatment. –The prisoner was remanded.

__________________________

LOSS OF A VESSEL AND ALL HANDS. —Early on Thursday morning the ketch
James and Sarah, belonging to the port of Bridgwater, suddenly foundered
off the Gore sands, near Burnham, on the Somersetshire coast, and the
crew, consisting of William Sharman (the captain), Henry Sharman (his
brother), and an unmarried man, name unknown, were all drowned.

THREE MEN DROWNED. —The bodies of Patsy Radican and two other men
unknown were taken out of the river at Winsford, Cheshire, on Wednesday
night by Captain William Brook. They are supposed to have been going
down the river on Sunday night, and fallen in while under the influence
of drink. Three hats were found in the river on Monday.

VIOLENT ASSAULTS. —At Wolverhampton, on Wednesday, Philip Bulger, a
powerful young fellow, was charged with outrageous assaults on two
policemen and a civilian. The previous night prisoner was violently
assaulting a shopkeeper named Richards, when Police-constable Lee came
on the scene, and, on seizing hold of the prisoner, the latter caught
hold of his right thumb, put it in his mouth, and bit it badly. He also
bit him on one of his arms, and brutally a kicked a second officer.
Prisoner was sentenced to six months' hard labour.
