A VERY SUSPICIOUS CASE.

Mr. Langham held an inquiry at St. John's Vestry hall, Fair-street,
Horsleydown, on Thursday, regarding the death of Johan De Wilde, aged
25, a native of Amsterdam, late residing in Charlotte-street,
Fitzroy-square, whose dead body was found on the foreshore of the
Thames, near London-bridge, under such circumstances as to give rise to
the suspicion that he had been the victim of foul play. —F. A.
Schanfelbirgn, of Fitzroy-square, and a young man named Dagenkolb, were
to have been called as witnesses, but refusing to take the oath were not
heard. –Inspector A. Pritchard, of the Thames police, deposed that he
had made inquiries about the affair, and found that the deceased
answered the description of a young man who had been circulated in
police information’s as having been missing from Charlotte-street,
Fitzroy-square, since last Sunday night, and the man Schanfelbirgn
identified the body as that of Johan De Wilde, an instrument maker, who
had for the past few weeks lodged with him. On searching the body, a
couple of keys, a purse containing 1s. 51/2d., and other articles were
found upon him together with pieces of paper with several addresses
written upon them, but inquiring at these addresses witness could get no
information concerning the deceased, as he was not known. Deceased was
last seen alive on Saturday night, when he was in company with the man
Dagenkolb at a club in Tottenham-court-road, and as he did not come home
on Sunday his landlord reported the fact to the police, and he was
circulated as missing. –By the Coroner: He understood that the deceased
came to London in search of employment. His parents resided at 48,
Garard Doustraat, Amsterdam. –Dr. W. A. Fitz-Rayne stated that he
examined the body, and found the skull fractured. Death was certainly
not due to drowning, as there was no water in the stomach. He was
positive that when deceased received the injury to the head he was
alive. –The coroner said he should adjourn the case. —A Juror: I think
an eye should be kept upon the man Dagenkolb in the meantime. –The
Coroner: The police will take all the necessary steps you suggest.
