TO CORRESPONDENTS.

We cannot, UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES, undertake the return of MSS.

____________________

WELSH CLERGY. —Next week.

FELIX. —No room this week.

S. M. R. —Must apply to the assignee under the bankruptcy. If there is
any dividend due to their late father the children are entitled to it,
unless by his will he has directed otherwise.

E. WELLS. —Yes; the postmaster is quite justified.

O. H. ENGLAND. —No, to all the questions.

J. C. —Your income exceeding 100l. per annum, you are liable to the tax.
You cannot make any deductions for the support of your parents.

A CONSTANT READER. —The Queen was married on Feb. 10, 1840.

A YOUNG MAN. —If the funds are at 95, 100l Console will cost you the
former sum, with the addition of the broker's commission.

COX. —No; the counties of Norfolk and Lincoln do not join. The Wash
divides them from each other.

A CONSTANT READER. —Cannot eve any will at Doctors' commons. The one he
is in search of may have been proved in some other prerogative court.

AFFLICTION. —Your remedy is by bill in chancery against the trustees.

G. A. —No; the notice ought to have been given on September 28.

A CONSTANT READER. —The government emigration office is in Park street,
Westminster. You will obtain the information there.

T. W. G. —Yes, to both questions.

POOR FRANK HOPEFUL. —Stephane's "Book of the Farm." It is an expensive
work, but the only one likely to answer your purpose.

A WORKING MAN. —Can summon to the county court for the 10l.

C. G. —You will have to pay the 10l, unless you can prove that the
consideration was, that no attempt should be made to affiliate the
child.

CHARLES PRICE. —The penalty can only be recovered by the crown. A common
informer cannot now sue for it.

R. C. W. —No; but the magistrates can refuse the licence. altogether;
and, doubtless they will do so if you depart from the conditions upon
which it was granted.

W. B S. —The Infant Orphan asylum is the only institution. You cannot
place a child there by payment of a small sum; he must be elected by a
majority of votes of the subscribers

M. PARSONS. —The act does not apply. A discharged sol-dier cannot sell
spirituous liquors or beer without a licence.

MARY DAVISON. —Must obtain a presentation from a governor of the Blue
Coat school, which is not to be had without great interest. These
presentations are not generally obtained by those who have the most need
of them.

JOHN SMITH. —You will have to pay the amount due for rent, and the costs
incurred by the landlord in recovering the same.
