SCANDALOUS BREACH OF PROMISE CASE.

In the Secondary's court, Guildhall, on Wednesday, an action was brought
by Miss Bertha Murphy, a barmaid of the Grapes tavern, Jewin-street,
City, against Mr. Victor Cuevas, employed as a compositor, to recover
1,000l. damages for breach of promise of marriage. –The plaintiff, a
fashionably-dressed young lady, said in her evidence that she first
became acquainted with the defendant in June, 1882, when she was barmaid
at the White Horse, London-wall. They became engaged, and were in the
habit of walking out together. He made her presents, and eventually
proposed marriage, the final arrangement being that the wedding should
take place at the church of the Guardian Angel in the East-end, on the
28th of January last year. The banns were published, guests were
invited, the wedding breakfast was prepared, and friends assembled on
that day, the defendant having given her the night previously 5l. to pay
for a wedding dress, and previously to that time having shown her a
house which he had furnished for them. To everyone's surprise a telegram
was received from him stating, "Stop everything today, as a formal
objection in the church, which must be settled before. I will call in
course of the day." Her brothers ascertained that no one had been to the
church, and the defendant was telegraphed to at his private and business
addresses. On the following morning another telegram was received from
the defendant, saying, "I will call to-night and give full explanation."
She, however, had never seen him from that time until now, when she saw
him in court. –In cross-examination the defendant asked her if she did
not know at the time they were walking out together that he was a
married man, to which she indignantly replied "No." –Mr. Lee proved the
defendant's means as being about 2l. per week, and in his defence the
defendant, who stated that he lived at Monnow-row, Southwark, said at
the time of the courtship, which he did not deny, the plaintiff knew
that he was married, and had been told so by several of his fellow
workmen. In cross-examination he admitted that he gave her 7l., and not
5l., for the wedding-dress. It was true that he showed her a house which
he had furnished for them. That furniture came from the house in which
his wife and children resided in London, but he did not tell the
plaintiff so. The marriage proceeding, he did not consider was to be
binding, but simply as a formal matter, to enable the plaintiff to live
with him. –The plaintiff, on being recalled, positively denied that any
one informed her that the defendant was already married. On the
contrary, she thought the courtship was an honorable one. —The learned
Secondary, in summing up, said he never heard a more scandalous defence
in a court of justice, and left it to the jury to give the plaintiff
such damages as they thought the defendant would be able to pay. –They
found for the plaintiff, damages 75l.
