JEWEL ROBBERY AT EASTBOURNE.

The Eastbourne police are engaged in investigating a curious robbery.
The bedrooms of two ladies—Mrs. Sinclair and Mrs. Headland—who are
lodging at 11, Moseyn-terrace, Eastbourne, were entered one evening last
week, while the ladies’ dinner, and jewellery to of some hundreds of
pounds was stolen. Bills offering a reward of 100l. for information
which will lead to the recovery of the property and the discovery of the
thief or thieves have been issued. Mrs. Sinclair's bag contained the
following articles: —A transparent onyx fly-pattern brooch with pearl
head and wings, a pearl pin brooch with diamond horse shoe, a gold
brooch set with diamonds and pearls, a diamond cluster brooch, old
Indian silver coin brooch, Burmese silver coin brooch, chain, necklace
with five pearls and diamonds, a rose cluster, lady's broad gold band
ring set with one large turquoise, lady's half-hoop ring set with five
large diamonds, with inscription "God bless you; Nov. 24, 1886,"
thereon; lady's triple cluster ring-set with two large diamonds and one
coral surrounded with small diamonds, lady's gold cluster ring set with
one pearl, surrounded with diamonds; diamond star with screw fastening
forming head ornament, paste buckle, lady's black oxydised watch with
black dial and gold figures, makers Aird and Thompson, Glasgow, in black
leather wristlet; 25l. in gold coins. Mrs. Headland has lost an amethyst
brooch, a mosaic brooch by Castellani, of Rome, in form of a cross with
very narrow rim of gold, and "Dux, Rex, Lux, Lex" thereon; a gold brooch
containing dark and fair hair at the back, with "E.H., July 8th, 1876,"
and G.E.M.G., February 27th, 1878" thereon, gold band bracelet set with
purple amethyst with small diamonds between, and a fluted white enamel
setting safety chain attached, a gold bracelet, snake pattern, a set of
car-buncles with pendant locket containing hair, a lady's gold Geneva
watch with good diced dial, No. 3,573, a gentleman's gold link pattern
albert chain.
