MURDER OF AN INFANT.

At the Old Bailey on Friday James Dilley, 41, a picture-frame maker, and
Mary Rainbow, 29, unmarried, were indicted for the wilful murder of the
illegitimate child of the latter. According to the statement of Mr.
Poland, who appeared for the prosecution, Dilley was a married man,
residing at Shefford, Bedfordshire, and the female prisoner was a
domestic servant at Baldock, about six miles from Shefford. There
appeared to have been an improper intimacy between them, and in March
last they came to London, and under the names of Mr. and Mrs. Hull took
lodgings in Stebbington-street, St. Pancras, where Rainbow was delivered
of a female child on the 22nd April, Dilley having gone back to
Shefford. On the 10th May he re-appeared, and on the following day both
prisoners left in a cab, taking with them the child. Their luggage was
left at King's-cross station. About 11 o'clock at night they made their
appearance at a house in Gray's-inn-road without the child, and, not
being able to obtain lodgings there, they stayed for the night in
Liverpool-street. The following day they left, Dilley returning to
Shefford, and the woman going to a cousin’s at Chelsea, whom she had
promised to visit, but subsequently returning to Baldock. A paper parcel
containing the body of the child, which had evidently died from the
effects of a wound upon the head, was picked up on that day at Hornsey.
The suspicions of the police were afterwards directed to the prisoners
by the discovery at Hitchin station, where the female prisoner would
have to wait for a train when returning to Baldock, of a quantity of
child's clothing, which was identified as having been made for her
child, and further inquiries having been made, both prisoners were
arrested. –The evidence established these facts, but Dr. Berry, the
surgeon who examined the body of the child, after expressing an opinion
that death was caused by the injury to the head, said he would not
undertake to say positively that the wound might not have been caused by
a blow or a fall immediately after death. The witnesses all stated that
during the lifetime of the child both the prisoners appeared to be very
fond of it, and treated it very kindly.

YESTERDAY'S PROCEEDINGS.

Yesterday morning Mr. Poland summed up the case for the prosecution, and
in doing so submitted that it was impossible to come to any other
conclusion than that both prisoners had deliberately formed the
intention of destroying the life of this unhappy child, with the object
of concealing the shame of the female prisoner, and of relieving
themselves from the burden of maintaining it.

Mr. Wildey Wright, on behalf of the male prisoner, endeavoured to show
that there was no conclusive evidence whatever that a murder had, in
point of fact, been committed. The child might have died from natural
causes, and all that was subsequently done was merely for the purpose of
concealing the dead body and endeavouring to prevent an exposure.

Mr. Warner Sleigh, for the female prisoner, said that although it was a
painful course he felt bound to pursue, he had no alternative but to say
that the male prisoner must have been the principal mover in the
transaction, and he characterised his conduct as dastardly in having,
when he was taken into custody, attempted to throw all the blame upon
the unfortunate woman, whom he had seduced and ruined.

Mr. Justice Hawkins summed up, and the jury retired at four o'clock to
deliberate. They returned into court at ten minutes to five, and found
both prisoners "Guilty of wilful murder," but recommended the female
prisoner to mercy on the ground that she had acted under the influence
of the male prisoner.

Mr. Justice Hawkins having put on the black cap addressed the prisoners,
and said that after a long and patient inquiry the jury had found them
guilty of a very foul and cruel murder—the murder of a poor little
unoffending child, of which the female prisoner had only very recently
before been confined. It was impossible to say at what point the idea
had entered into their minds to commit this horrible crime, but the
evidence was conclusive, and the jury had no alternative but to convict
them of the offence. They recommended the female prisoner to mercy on
the ground that they believed she had acted under the influence of lier
companion. It was impossible for him to say what would be the effect of
this recommendation, but all he could say was that he would take care
that it should be forwarded to the proper quarter, where he had no doubt
that it would receive full consideration, and every effect consistent
with the interests of justice would be given to it; but he could not
hold out any hope to her that the recommendation would be attended with
any effect as regarded the sentence he was bound to pass upon her. As to
the male prisoner, he said he must prepare to was unable to discover any
one extenuating favour, and he, therefore, exhorted him to that event.
The learned judge then passed sentence of death in the usual form. The
female prisoner fainted, and was carried insensible from the dock. The
man did not exhibit the slightest emotion.
