OUTRAGE ON A SURGEON.

On Thursday, Mr. Wakley held an inquest at the Duke of Clarence, Great
North street, Edgware road, on Marian Jones, aged forty-five, the wife
of a carpenter. E

Elijah Jones deposed that deceased was his wife, and that although very
sober, she was low-spirited and dejected. She died on Monday from the
effects of poison which she had taken thirteen days previously. Latterly
she complained of headaches. Her brother, sister, uncle, and aunt died
insane.

Mr. Jellard, druggist, said that on Tuesday fortnight deceased,
accompanied by a witness, purchased of him a pennyworth of oxalic acid,
under the pretext that she required it for cleaning bonnets.

Mary Coleman, deceased's niece, stated that on the day in question
deceased visited her sister, Mrs. Smith, in Devonshire-street, when,
having mixed something in a glass, she drank it off in Mrs. Smith's
presence, who snatched from her the glass which contained the remains of
the poison, and sent for a surgeon.

Mr. Henry Obré, surgeon, Grove-place, who made the post mortem
examination of the body, said that while he was performing his duty with
his assistant in the presence of deceased's sister, the door, which was
locked, was forced open by deceased's husband, who rushed frantically
and swearing into the room. Before they could be aware of his object,
the husband pushed witness and his assistant from the body, when he
snatched up a part of the breast he was dissecting, the collar bones,
and a portion of deceased's entrails, with which he darted down stairs,
and holding them in his hand commenced haranguing a mob of one hundred
person’s collected outside the house, declared that his wife was being
butchered, and called upon them to enter the house avenge the outrage.
After which with him and avenge the outrage he flung into the street and
about the house portions of the body, which he believed still remained
uncollected. He then rushed into the room in which witness and his
assistant were, when he attacked them in a most outrageous manner,
tearing the clothes from their backs. Then seizing one of the dissecting
knives, he drove witness against the wall, and drawing the knife across
his throat, exclaimed, "Now, I'll murder you and your assistant, and
then I'll cut my own throat." He was in the act of putting his threat
into execution, when the people rushed from the street and dragged
witness and his assistant out of the house, but not before all their
clothes were torn into shreds. Witness then got the assistance of the
police, who secured the husband, who kept blaspheming, and exclaiming,
"I'll murder him yet!" Witness then attempted to proceed with the
autopsy, but found that his instruments had been destroyed, and thrown
into the water closet. While the husband was ill-treating his assistant,
the daughter, aged sixteen, was on her knees, imprecating the most awful
curses upon them.

The Coroner (to the husband): What have you to say to this cowardly and
ruffianly attack? —Jones: I was told that my wife's body was being
dissected, and I was desired to go home and prevent her being cut to
pieces.

The Coroner (to Sergeant Nelfter): Take him into custody: he is too
dangerous a character to be left at large. Mr. Obre said he did not want
to press the charge if he apologised and paid for the instruments
destroyed. —Jones expressed great penitence, and promised to pay all
costs.

The coroner summed up, and the jury returned the following verdict:
—"Deceased destroyed herself, but what was the state of her mind at the
time there is no evidence to prove."
