CHARGE AGAINST A POLICE INSPECTOR.

George Harvey, a detective inspector in the Portsmouth police, appeared
to a summons, at Lambeth police-court, on Thursday, taken out against
him by Mr. Edward Gladstone, late a captain in the Royal Marine
artillery, for unlawfully attempting, in order to obstruct the due
course of justice, to dissuade one Francis Colville, a person lawfully
bound to give evidence, from duly giving such evidence on or about the
29th of July. —Mr. Smyth said he prosecuted in this case on the part of
Mr. Edward Gladstone, a gentleman formerly holding the position of
captain in the Royal Marine artillery. He was now, however, a member of
the English bar. The defendant was at present an inspector of the
Portsmouth Borough police, but at the time the offence was committed
with which he (Harvey) was charged he was a detective serjeant of the
Portsmouth police. He should charge the defendant also with others
unknown with conspiring to defeat the ends of justice by preventing
witnesses attending to give evidence in the divorce case of “Gladstone
v. Gladstone.” He thought it right the defendant should know there were
other charges against him. At the time the defendant was a
detective-serjeant at Portsmouth he was employed by the solicitors to
Mrs. Gladstone, the petitioner in the divorce case, as a kind of private
inquiry officer. He called upon witnesses on the other side, and did all
he could to dissuade them from giving evidence. With regard to the
matter in the summons, he should prove that Francis Colville was
subpoenaed to give evidence in 1875 in the; case of "Gladstone v.
Gladstone" at the Divorce court, in which the Queen's Proctor
intervened. Mrs. Gladstone at first obtained a decree nisi. The day
before Colville gave evidence he was followed on to a tramcar in the
Westminster-road by the defendant. Whilst on the car, on the way to
Woolwich, the defendant called Colville by a nickname he was known by.
He ultimately asked him if he was a witness in the case of Gladstone,
and upon telling him he was, he asked him to tell him all about it, and
handed him either two florins or two half crowns. Colville told
defendant he could speak as to an act of adultery by Mr. Gladstone
Defendant told him not to say anything about it as it would do him no
good. They afterwards went to a public-house at Greenwich, and defendant
treated him to drink, and told him it would be better for him to move
back to London. He declined, however, and went on to Woolwich. The
defendant was getting up evidence on behalf of Mrs. Gladstone, He would
call evidence in regard to the summons before the Court that day, and
then ask for an adjournment with regard to other matters, which would
include that of conspiracy.

Francis Colville, who said he was a bombardier in H battery of the 2nd
Brigade Royal artillery, residing at Woolwich, gave evidence bearing out
the statement of Mr. Smyth, and in cross-examination said:-I resided at
the Westminster Palace hotel during the time the trial lasted. I was
with witnesses who appeared on behalf of the Queen's Proctor. There
might have been some 25 of them. I knew defendant by sight, but did not
then know his name. It was immediately after I told defendant I had
business in London that he gave me the money. I was surprised rather,
but I had no idea what it was meant for. I said nothing before giving my
evidence to the Queen's Proctor as to the interview with defendant, and
what had transpired. I did not tell Captain Gladstone. —The case was
then adjourned.
