MURDER OF A WOMAN.

At the Southwark police-court, on Monday, Henry Rickman, thirty-one, a
labourer, employed at Hartley's wharf, was placed at the bar charged
with the wilful murder of Sarah Scott, a widow, with whom the resided at
3, White's-grounds, Bermondsey. The prisoner, who seemed to feel his
position very acutely, was allowed to be seated during the examination.

Mr. Phillip Raymond was the first witness called. He said: I am an
inspector of the M division of police. On Saturday night, about six
o'clock, I was on duty in the Bermondsey station-house, when the
prisoner was brought in by 308 M, charged with the death of Sarah Scott.
After I had entered the charge on the charge-sheet the prisoner
commenced making a statement. I cautioned him not to say anything unless
he liked, and told him that whatever he said I should take down in
writing, and it might be used against him at another place. The prisoner
said he wished to make a statement, and I wrote down as follows. —

"The deceased Sarah Scott has lived with me at 3, White's-grounds four
years. Her husband died four years ago. On Saturday evening we had no
dispute. When I came in I saw she was the worse for liquor, and that
there was no fire. I said, ‘Why don't you get my tea?’ She muttered
something which I could not hear, and I could not tell what she said. I
said to her, 'Any ways, you will suffer for this; 'tis not the first or
second time you served me so.’ While she was trying to light the fire I
got out of temper and struck her, when she fell, and I kicked her with
my foot, and I think that the heel of my boot must have made a gash in
her head and caused her death. I then went into the yard, and when I
came again into the house I found she had not moved. I lifted her up and
found that she was insensible. I found life was gone from her. I laid
her head on a small block of wood and sent fora doctor by my next door
neighbour. I fancy she was led away by Mrs. Lapthorne, living at No. 2,
White's grounds. The deceased had two children by her husband."

Mr. Woolrych: Were these voluntary statements, without any questions
from you? —Inspector Raymond: They were, sir, as I strictly cautioned
him before I took it down in writing.

Mr. Woolrych: Who keeps the house? —Inspector Raymond: The prisoner pays
the rent, and occupied it with the deceased and her children. After I
had taken down his statement I proceeded to the house and saw the dead
body of Sarah Scott. Dr. Evans, the divisional surgeon, was sent for,
and examined the body while I was there. I saw bruises and wounds on her
head.

Mr. Woolrych (to the prisoner): Do you wish to ask the inspector any
questions! —No, sir. It is just what I told him.

Inspector Raymond: When I returned to the station-house the prisoner
told me that the deceased had been cutting wood with a knife (produced),
which I found bad blood on it; but I don't know that the wounds were
caused by that. I took the boots produced from the prisoner's feet, and
found blood on the inner edge of the iron heel of the right foot.

Samuel Congdon, police-serjeant, 16 M, an old Crimean officer, said: On
Saturday evening, a little before six o'clock, I was on duty in
Bermondsey-street, when I received information that a woman had been
murdered at No. 3, White's grounds. I proceeded there and saw a woman
lying on the floor with her head resting on a block of wood. She was
quite dead. I saw an incised wound on her right forehead, and on looking
round I found at her feet a small table-knife, the blade of which had
blood on it. There was some wood lying about which appeared to have been
recently cut. I took the knife to the police station, and while showing
it to the inspector, In the prisoner's presence, he said, "I did not do
it with that, but with a kick."

James Haynes, 308 M, said: On Saturday evening, about a quarter to six,
I was on duty at the police-station in Bermondsey-street, when a
gentleman came to me, and, from a communication received from him, I
went to No. 3, White's-grounds. A Mrs. Gregory admitted me into the
house, and I asked her what was the matter, when she pointed to the
floor, and I then saw the deceased lying apparently dead. The prisoner
was sitting on a chair by her side, holding her right hand in his. I
said, “Who did this?" The prisoner exclaimed, "I did." I told him to be
careful what he said, as whatever he said I should have to say again
before the magistrate. The prisoner said, "I know that, but I want to
tell you all." He then said that the deceased was drank when he came
home, and had neither provided his tea nor had any fire. (Witness then
repeated the statement taken down by inspector Raymond at the
station-house). After he had said so I took him into custody.

Sarah Ann Gregory, wife of Richard Gregory, said: I live at 4, White's
grounds. On Saturday evening, a little after five o'clock, I saw the
prisoner coming to my door. He came up to me and asked me to step into
his house for a minute or two. I accompanied him, and in the front room
I saw Mrs. Scott lying on the floor, and the prisoner raised her head. I
said, "Dear me, what have you done?" as I thought she was dead. The
prisoner called out, "Run for a doctor!" I went out and sent for one. I
know the prisoner to be a very hard-working, sober man, but the deceased
was very intemperate in her habits.

Mr. Woolrych: Had you seen her alive in course of the day? —Witness: I
had not, sir.

Mr. Thomas Evans, the divisional surgeon of the M division, said: I was
called to No. 3, White's grounds on Saturday evening a little after six
o'clock, when I saw the deceased, Sarah Scott, lying on her back on the
floor, with her head resting on a block of wood. She was quite dead. I
made a superficial examination of the deceased, and found several
confusions on the left brow, just above the eye, and a wound on the back
of the head. It was an incised wound an inch and a half in length,
penetrating to the bone, the scalp being separated from the cranium.
There was not much bleeding.

Mr. Woolrych: Can you tell the cause of death?

Mr. Evans: No, sir; not until I have made a post mortem examination. It
may possibly be congestion of the brain.

Mr. Woolrych: Are you going to make a post mortem examination of the
body? —Mr. Evans: Yes, sir; I have just received orders from the
coroner, and directions to report the same at the inquest. I have
examined the prisoner's boots, produced, and on the inside part of the
right heel I have discerned blood. I think the wound at the back of the
head might have been caused by the iron heel of that boot.

Mr. Woolrych (to the prisoner): Have you anything to say why you should
not be remanded until after the inquest? —Prisoner: I have nothing to
say, sir.

Mr. Woolrych: Then you are remanded.

The prisoner, who seemed very much depressed in spirits, was then
removed to Horsemonger-lane gaol.
