ALLEGED MURDER BY A SHIP'S MATE.

(From our Special Sunday edition of last week.)

On Saturday Edmund Moore, chief officer, and Stephen Osborne, second
mate, of the British ship Mary Ellen Chapman, of St. John's, were
charged on remand, at Bow-street police-court, with causing. the death
of an able-bodied seaman of that vessel while she was lying in the river
Delaware, in September.

Mr. Douglas Straight said the Mary Ellen Chapman was a British ship, and
she sailed from Hamburg to Philadelphia. On the 3rd of September last
she was lying in the river Delaware, a few miles off the latter port. It
appeared that on that day the deceased man, Ellis, who was one of the
able-bodied seamen of the ship, was employed in some work in connection
with the rigging. During the performance of this work he had to carry
some tar or paint across the deck, and he happened to spill some of
this. The chief mate said that if any of the — sons of — spilled any of
the stuff he should make them lick it up. The deceased said he should
not lick the stuff up for any man, and the chief mate then, with the
greatest brutality, seized hold of a marline-spike and struck the man
two heavy blows on the head, fracturing his skull. The man was so
frightened by the brutal violence of the mate that he ran up the ringing
to get out of the way. He climbed on some of the yards, and as he would
not come down the chief mate ordered the yard to be hoisted, an
operation that placed the man in considerable danger. The chief mate
soon after this went ashore, and the man Osborne then persuaded Ellis to
come down. Ellis had something to eat in the cook's galley, and he then
tried to induce a man named Boyd to lower a boat to row him ashore. Boyd
refused to do this, and the unfortunate man, evidently frightened of the
violence that would be used towards him if he remained on board the
ship, let himself down by the chains into the water and struck out for
the shore. It was a curious fact, which showed that the brutal conduct
of the mates had caused a state of fear and alarm among all the men on
board, that when Ellis left the ship two other men, named King and
Langford, also got into the water and began to swim ashore. Fortunately
for these two men they succeeded in reaching the shore, which was about
a half or three quarters of a mile away. Ellis did not, for while he was
swimming, the in ate, Osborne, rushed up on the poop with a revolver and
fired two shots at him. Soon after these shots were fired Ellis threw up
his arms, gave a shriek, and sank. An inquest was afterwards held, but
it did not appear that the actual cause of death was cleared up. But,
whether the man was actually struck by the shots or whether he died by
drowning, he (Mr. Straight) submitted did not alter the case, for, in
point of law, if the deceased was driven by the acts of the prisoners
into doing something which resulted in his death, they were both
responsible on the charge of murder.

Mr. Straight then proceeded to call witnesses in support of his opening
statement, and the case was ultimately again adjourned.
