THE LONDON BRIDGE EXPLOSION.

Mr. Wm. Carter held an inquiry at the Neptune tavern, Neptune-street,
Rotherhithe, on Monday, concerning the death of a man whose body was
found in the River Thames on the previous Tuesday, who, it was rumoured,
was one of the three persons who hired a boat at Queenhithe, and who are
suspected of having attempted to blow up London-bridge. —Emma Alice
Williams recognised the body distinctly as that of her husband, named
Henry Williams, aged 30, a traveller for a firm of mineral water
manufacturers. She had not lived with him for 15 months. He was a very
heavy drinker, and at times he had appeared strange. –Mr. G. S. Bray, of
the firm of Dow, Clark, and Bray, mineral water manufacturers, said that
he identified the deceased as having been in the firm's employ as
traveller, and who was known as Harry Williams. Witness last saw him
alive on the evening of Nov. 29, and he was then the worse for drink,
and he left the premises in that state. –The coroner, addressing the
representatives of Scotland-yard, inquired whether there was any
foundation for the report that had been circulated that deceased was
implicated in the recent attempt to blow up London-bridge. –Inspector
Moore replied that he thought not; but at the same time, the deceased's
description and clothing tallied with that of one of the three persons
who hired the boat at Queenhithe on the night in question, and hence the
suspicion. The coroner remarked that they could not carry the case any
further, and after some little discussion the jury returned an open
verdict of "Found drowned."

A man named Joseph Fennelly, described as of Birmingham-street, Dudley,
was apprehended there on Thursday evening on a charge of being a person
wandering about for the purpose of feloniously destroying property. His
description agreed with that of a man "wanted" in connection with the
London-bridge outrage. He was brought before the magistrates on Friday,
and the Chief Superintendent of police asked for a remand. The accused,
in answer to the charge, said he was educated in Ireland, and went to
Bombay. He had to return to England, and, finding some difficulty about
his certificate, had to take to hawking. He denied any felonious intent.
Fennelly was then remanded, Mr. Burton promising that he should be well
treated in the meantime, and set at liberty at once if found to have
been wrongly apprehended. The accused was liberated yesterday morning,
it being discovered that he was not the person "wanted," although
somewhat resembling him.

The man whom we last week reported to be in custody at Deptford on
suspicion of being concerned in the London-bridge explosion was detained
till he became sober, when it was found that the story told by him in
the public-house, for which he was arrested, was a pure invention. He
was therefore released, although he could have been prosecuted for
falsely representing himself as a police officer.
