A MYSTERY OF THE SERPENTINE

On Friday night, Mr. St. Clare Bedford opened an inquiry into the
circumstances attending the deaths of Elizabeth Coates, aged 41, and her
infant child Antoinette Blanche, aged four months, who were found
drowned in the Serpentine on Sunday last. —Laura Martin, of 9.
Charlton-street, Fitzroy-square, the wife of a commercial traveller,
deposed: —The deceased Elizabeth Coates was my sister, the wife of
Anthony commercial traveller, in the employ of a City house, and living
at 33, Great Portland-street, W. Deceased had suffered from very severe
illnesses for years past, but had been pretty well since her confinement
in July last. I last saw her alive on Thursday, the 11th inst., about
eight p.m., and she was then in good health and her usual spirits. She
was on very good terms with her husband, and was not at all likely to
commit suicide. She had spoken of some accounts which were outstanding,
but not as if she were unhappy on the matter.

Elizabeth Parker, of 33, Great Portland-street, a domestic servant in
the employ of the deceased, deposed: Deceased had been in good health
and spirits during the past few months. I last saw her at 9.40 on
Saturday night when she left home, having the baby in her arms. She said
she was going to her sister's and would not be long, but she never
returned to the house, Heard no conversation between deceased and her
husband on the Saturday.

Police-constable Joseph Blackburn said: On Sunday morning last I was on
duty in Hyde-park near the east end of the Serpentine, when I discovered
the body of the deceased lying in the water. It was taken at once to the
Royal Humane society's receiving house, where life was found to be
extinct. In the pockets were found a child's feeding bottle full of
milk, a purse containing 13s., and some cuttings from some newspapers.
The body was found four yards from the shore, and some rhododendron beds
were close to the spot where deceased lay.

John Williams, another constable, proved finding the body of the child
near the place where Mrs. Coates was discovered.

Dr. Blackett, divisional surgeon of police, proved that death had
resulted from drowning in each case, and that there were no marks of
violence upon them.

Mr. Anthony Coates, the husband and father respectively of the deceased
persons, said: On Saturday last I left home at seven p.m. to go to the
City, leaving my wife and children at home. My wife has had a great deal
of worry and illness, and since the birth of the child now dead, had
been worse. The last conversation I had with her was with reference to
the next day's dinner. She had eight children, and no man had a better
wife nor children a better mother. We were on the very best of terms,
and I cannot believe she would take her own and her child's life. She
had a sister living across the park, and would have passed the
Serpentine on her way to her sister's house, and it is possible that she
might have accidentally fallen into the water.

The Coroner summed up, and the jury returned a verdict of “Found
drowned” in each case.
