TURNING THE TABLES ON HIM.

William Henry Hudson, a well-dressed young cabman, living in
Redburn-street, Chelsea, was charged at Westminster police-court, on
Thursday, with thrashing Horace Harker, an architect, of
Wellington-square, Chelsea, with a walking-stick. —The prosecutor, an
elderly man, said that a little after eight o'clock the previous night
he was walking through Tedworth-square, which is not very far from his
residence, when the prisoner drove up to him in his cab and said he
wanted to speak to him. He stopped. and the prisoner got off the cab.
wrenched his walking-stick from his hand, and best the head and him
unmercifully over shoulders with it. The witness fell down in the road
and shouted "Police!" and Murder!" When a constable came prisoner
punched the complainant in the face and made it bleed. —Mr. Rymer (who
defended): Did not the defendant say he wished to be taken into custody
to get your name and address because you have been following his wife
about and sending her disgraceful lotters and post-cards? —The Witness:
No. —Mr. Rymer said he had before him a pile of letters and post-cards,
all in the same handwriting, although there were attempts at disguise
and different vague addresses. —The defendant being challenged admitted
some were in his handwriting. —Mr. Rymer: This disgraceful system of
sending defendant's wife letters, &c., and following her about the
streets has been going on for the last three months. The young woman is
respectable and has handed the communications to her husband. She has
actually had to take refuge in a cab and escape the importunities of
this fellow. —Questioned by the magistrate, the complainant admitted
that on one occasion he was stopped by a constable in the King's-road in
consequence of the defendant's complaint about annoying and following
his wife. On that occasion he gave the false name of Parker and a false
address at Earl's-court. He did that for the sake of getting rid of the
man. —Mr. Sheil said he thought it was unnecessary to go further. He
should simply order the defendant to enter into his own recognisances in
5l. to keep the peace. Of course, he must not take the law into his own
hands.
