MIDDLESEX SESSIONS, YESTERDAY.

The court sat at the Guildhall, Broad Sanctuary, Westminster, for the
purpose of hearing Appeals.

LICENSED VICTUALLERS AND THE POLICE. —Walter Boston, a licensed
victualler, keeping the Royal Oak public-house, Green-lanes, Stoke
Newington, appealed against a conviction of Thomas Irwin Barstow, Esq.,
the magistrate sitting at Clerkenwell police-court, for refusing to
admit a police-constable who applied for admission to his licensed
premises, for which alleged offence he was fined 5l and costs, and his
licence was ordered to be endorsed. —John Taverner, police-constable 404
N, stated that at half-past one on the morning of Nov. 6 he passed the
appellant's house, and finding it lighted up and hearing voices inside,
he reported the same to Serjeant Greenfield, and afterwards went with
him to visit the house. He knocked with his hands, but receiving no
answer he knocked three times with his rattle, when the gas was lowered.
He knocked again, when he heard a female voice say, "Who's there?" and
he replied, "Police," and wished to visit the house, as he believed some
one was there who had no right to be there. The female answered, "She
would have as many people as she liked in her house, keep them as long
as she liked, and let them out when she liked." The premises were
watched until five o'clock in the morning, but no one was seen to leave
the house. –The appellant admitted that he had some friends in the house
after closing hours, as it was his birthday; but they left before the
police arrived. He did not see the police himself, as he was working in
the cellar at the time of their visit. —After a consultation with the
magistrates, the Assistant-judge said the conviction would be confirmed,
with the exception of the endorsement on the licence, which part of the
judgment would be quashed.

James Bluxham, of the White Horse, High-street, Poplar, appealed against
a conviction by Mr. Lushington, the magistrate at the Thames
police-court, adjudging him to pay a fine of 6l. and costs, and to have
his licence endorsed, for unlawfully selling intoxicating liquor to a
drunken man. —The police evidence was to the effect that they saw two
drunken men enter the appellant's house, and he served one of them with
some ale. —The appellant was called, and stated that on the day in
question two men, named Smith and Crawley, wanted to be served, but as
Smith was intoxicated he refused to let them have any liquor. Crawley
was sober, and having expressed a wish to see Smith home, the appellant
at length consented to serve him with a pint of four penny ale, upon
condition that he would not allow Smith to drink any of it. While
Crawley was consuming the liquor the police entered the house and said
the landlord would be summoned. —Witnesses having been called to support
the appellant's statement, the court unanimously quashed the conviction.
