EXTRAORDINARY ATTEMPT TO MURDER.

[From our latest editions of last week.]

On Saturday, Capt. John Orwin, late master of the ship Copse, was
charged at the Thames police-court with feloniously cutting and wounding
Henry Cuckmore, cook and steward of the same vessel, with intent to
murder him.

Mr. Charles Young, solicitor, defended the prisoner, who is a man about
thirty years of age, with large red beard and moustache. He did not
betray any indications of insanity, nor is that line of de fence to be
set up for him. Prisoner had been brought from Lisbon in custody.

Henry Cuckmore was examined at great length, and deposed to an attempt
having been made to cut his throat in his berth on the 21st of last
July, while the ship was at sea. That attack was made by the prisoner,
who charged another man with the offence. After that the prisoner gave
witness a bottle of opium, and wanted him to put it in the men's coffee.
He proposed that they should kill the whole of the crow, and then run
the vessel to some port and sell her. Witness, however, refused to have
anything to do with the diabolical plot. The captain repeated the
proposition on several occasions, and rather than join in it witness
attempted to jump overboard, but was prevented. On the night of the 31st
July witness was again attacked, and severely stabbed. He raised an
alarm, and then became insensible. When he came to himself he was lying
on a bed in the cabin, and found the captain was in irons. The mate took
command of the vessel, and took her to Lisbon, and saw the British
consul, who sent the men home.

After some confirmatory evidence the prisoner was remanded.

_______________________

SENDING BAD MEAT TO MARKET. —On Friday, at Guildhall, Gerard Samson, of
Preston, Dorsetshire, a butcher, was summoned for sending six pieces of
diseased beef to Leadenhall-market for human food. —Mr. Baylis said this
was a very aggravated case. A farmer residing near Preston had a cow
that had been afflicted with "bearing down" in July and previously in
January, so that she was in a very diseased state from inflammation. In
other respects, the cow was a fine animal, and worth about 18l., but in
consequence of the disease the animal was labouring under it was sold
for the sum of 5l. After the defendant had had the cow, and found the
condition it was in, he went to the farmer from whom he bought it, and
offered to lose half the 5l. if he would lose the other half. The farmer
refused, and then he had the cow killed and dressed. Some portions of
the meat were given to the defendant's pigs, and the rest be sent up to
London, where it arrived in a most stinking state from the diseased
condition of the. animal. —The inspectors of meat having proved the
above facts, Sir B. Carden sentenced the prisoner to a month's hard
labour. —Mr. Chilcott, the farmer, was then called forward, and told by
Sir R. Carden that he was almost as culpable as the defendant, and might
have been placed at his side had he been sent to the Old Bailey.
