ANOTHER SHAM DETECTIVE.

At the North London police-court on Thursday, Henry Feneley, 25,
labourer, of Brand-street, Hornsey-road, was charged with personating a
policeman at the house of Mr. William John Harris, tobacco manufacturer,
of Croyde house, Alexandra villas, Seven Sisters-road.

The prosecutor stated that on the previous night the prisoner knocked at
his door. Witness answered almost simultaneously with his servant, and
asked the prisoner his business. The prisoner said "I want to see to the
window fastenings of your house. I have just been told off with another
detective and a special constable, to warn housekeepers of the numerous
robberies that have taken place in this neighbourhood." Witness asked
him what station he had come from? The prisoner replied, From the Y
division—Hornsey-road station." Knowing he was in the N division witness
got suspicious, and detained the prisoner in conversation so as to be
able to identify him if necessary. The prisoner was smoking a wooden
pipe, which witness also thought unprofessional. Witness asked the
prisoner to show some authority—a card, a staff, or some other things
usual to detectives. The prisoner replied that he had not his papers
with him then, but would have them at 12 o'clock. Prisoner gave his name
and address as "Henry Robinson, Charteris-road." After he had gone
witness informed the police, who told him they knew nothing of the
prisoner. About midnight witness went to his garden gate to see if he
could catch a glimpse of the prisoner, and the very second man who
passed happened to be the prisoner. Witness seized him and dragged him
into the hall, notwithstanding the protestations of the prisoner that he
was not the man. There was a struggle between them, and Mrs. Harris blew
a police whistle. This brought Police-constable 141 Y on the scene, who
took the prisoner to the police-station.

The prisoner now, in an injured-innocence kind of tone, declared that a
great mistake had been made. —In reply to the magistrate the constable
said he found a screwdriver, a piece of wire, and a knife upon the
prisoner, but no money.

Serjeant-gaoler Baker swore to the prisoner as having been charged at
this court in July with being concerned, with others, in a breaking and
entering job, when he was sentenced to six weeks' hard labour.

The prisoner, who did not deny this, was remanded.
