TRIALS AT THE MIDDLESEX SESSIONS.

The December sessions for criminal business, were commenced on Monday at
Clerkenwell.

The sittings of this court for the year 1872 were fixed, and on one
occasion only—the May sessions—will the Court sit in the same week as
the Central Criminal court.

THE POLICE AND THEIR DUTIES AT THE COURT. —When the case of a young man
named Ross was called on, charged with stealing a suit of clothes, value
3l. 2s., the property of his master, neither the constables nor the
other witnesses were in attendance. They were repeatedly called, but did
not answer for about 10 minutes. —Police-constable 475 Y got into the
witness-box, and in answer to the Assistant-judge as to the reason of
his absence, said he was outside the door. That was all he had to say.
—The Assistant-judge: You were called half-an-hour ago. I shall not
allow your expenses. —Police-constable 479 Y, who had been out of court
during the evidence of the other officer, said that having had no
breakfast he went to get some refreshment, and the witnesses followed
him. —The Assistant-judge: I shall allow you your expenses, because I
think you have told the truth, but I shall disallow the other officer's.
Constables having cases should not leave the precincts of the court.

THE RING-DROPPING TRICK. —Davia Prowse, 21, described as a labourer, was
charged with attempting to obtain 1l. by false pretences from Mr. W. E.
Frere, of 3, King's Bench-walk, Temple, barrister-at-law. —This case was
an instance of an attempt to practise the old trick of ring-dropping.
The ring, which the prisoner offered to sell for a sovereign, was shown
to be made of brass, and nearly valueless. —For the prisoner, who
received a good character, it was contended that he had not been guilty
of any false pretence with respect to the ring, as he had made no
assertion either as to its value or the material of which it was made.
—The jury deliberated a few minutes, and then returned a verdict of "Not
guilty." —Sir W. Bodkin cautioned the prisoner as to his future conduct.

ROBBERY BY AN ITALIAN COOK. –Francisco Cupriono, 28, was indicted for
stealing six watches, the property of Louis Ayme. –There was no counsel
engaged on either side, although the prosecutor is a Frenchman and the
prisoner an Italian, which involved a double interpreting of the
evidence. It appeared that the prosecutor was a dealer in watches,
living at Fleet-row, Eyre-street-hill, Clerkenwell, and on the afternoon
of the 13th November the prosecutor went out for about a quarter of an
hour, and on his return he found that the lock had been broken and the
room door open. He then looked to see if all his watches were safe, and
missed six which had been left with him for repair. From what his
landlord told him suspicions fell upon the prisoner, who was captured
the same afternoon, with two of the stolen watches in his possession.
–The prisoner denied all knowledge of the robbery, but gave no account
of how the two stolen watches had come into his possession. –He was
found Guilty," and sentenced to 12 months' hard labour.
