THE MURDER IN THE LEEDS BARRACKS.

TRIAL AND CONVICTION OF THE SOLDIER.

On Monday, at the York Assizes, Michael Stokes, twenty, was charged with
the wilful murder of Marianna Garard, at Leeds, on the 20th of January
last, by shooting her with a musket. The facts of the case are as
follow: --William Garard, a private in the 57th Foot, was stationed at
Leeds barracks on the 20th January: the prisoner was a private in the
same regiment. My wife, the deceased, was living with me in barracks. We
occupied a room in which prisoner lived, and two or three other
soldiers. On the evening of the 20th, I was in the room with the
prisoner, my wife, and two other privates. Dooley was asked by the
prisoner for a bees’-waxed rag, and Dooley said there were some in his
haversack. In about a minute I saw the prisoner doing something to his
musket at the table. My wife asked what it was o'clock, and I showed her
my watch; it was shout seven o'clock. Immediately I heard the report of
a musket, and turning round saw a musket drop from the prisoner's hands
on to the floor. My wife had fallen down against the closet door, with
her hands and arms spread out. She exclaimed, “The Lord have mercy on
me, what have ye done?” I went up to the prisoner and asked if he had
shot my wife, and said I'd load my musket and shoot him; he replied,
"load" Keenan and Dooley were present, who seized the prisoner. I laid
my wife on the bed, and found, on examining, that she had a wound on the
right side of the navel. Sergeant Jackson was sent for, but my wife died
at half-past eight. There are nine others sleep in the same room. There
is generally a married man to each room. Had never had any quarrel with
the prisoner, but my wife had. The prisoner seldom spoke to any
soldiers; he was a very close-minded man, hasty-tempered, and
disagreeable. There was a bayonet wrenched from him once.

W. Keenan, a private in the same regiment, corroborated this witness
with respect to the facts connected with the murder. He added Prisoner,
immediately he fired, threw the firelock at my feet. He said, “There,
now; that will do: I'm satisfied." I made him prisoner. I found the lead
in two flat bits. The prisoner did not mix much with the other men. He
was very moody and sullen. I knew him try to commit suicide when he was
drunk. On that occasion he was handcuffed, and he went to the fire, laid
hold of the poker, and hit himself with it on the head; but he did not
injure himself, being handcuffed. On the same occasion he tried to put
his hands in the fire.

Jeremiah Dooley, another private, gave evidence to the same effect.

Mr. J. Jackson, assistant-surgeon of the 57th Regiment of Foot, was
called to attend the deceased, when he found a small wound in the
abdomen, such as would be caused by a musket ball. The bell went through
her body. She died about half past eight. Never noticed the prisoner in
particular. Had directed his attention to insanity amongst other
subjects. Was acquainted with the works of Esquirol, Marc, Pritchard,
and others. Insanity was divided into four classes. [The witness went
into details on this subject, which need not be reported.] Men
frequently may have insane impulses. An insane impulse may exist which
may entirely take away a man's self-control.

The judge: I wonder who has found that out. —Mr. Dearsley: It is laid
down by Pritchard that a person may be labouring under an insane Impulse
which may deprive him at that moment of self-control. The judge: Even
supposing the hangman was standing by to execute him for it? —Mr.
Jackson: Yes. There may be a thousand more madmen now in France since
the revolution than there were before, chiefly arising from exciting
causes. Such was the case at the last revolution, and he supposed it
would be so now. The treatment of insanity is now very different from
what it used to be. There were now no dungeons, no straw, and no chains.
Insanity is a very difficult subject of study. A man labouring under
homicidal monomania may exhibit its symptoms vary forcibly when
intoxicated.

Mr. W. Price, surgeon, of Leeds, underwent a long examination relative
to insanity, but his answers being so similar to those of Mr. Jackson,
we think it needless to give his evidence at length.

Mr. Density having addressed the jury for the prisoner, Mr. Baron Rolfe
summed up, in the course of which he said that it too frequently
happened that offences were committed with little no motive, and he
conceived it was a very dangerous doctrine for the peace of society to
contend that, because a man perpetrated a dreadful crime without
apparent motive, he should therefore be deemed insane.

The jury, after a very brief consultation, returned a verdict of
“Guilty.” The prisoner, being asked if he had anything to say why
sentence of death should not be passed upon him, said, “I hope, my lord,
you will have mercy on me." –Mr. Baron Rolfe than pronounced sentence of
death.
