THE ALLEGED MURDER OF A WIFE.

On Wednesday, at the Clerkenwell police-court, John Boyce, aged 45, a
butcher, of 87, St. James's-road, Holloway, was charged on remand,
before Mr. Hosack, at the instance of the Associated Institute for
Enforcing the Laws for the Protection of Women, with feloniously causing
the death of Mary Boyce, his wife, by striking her on the head with, a
paraffin lamp, cutting open her head, and severely burning her, at the
above address.

The facts of the case have already been reported, and it will be
remembered that the assault and the burning took place on the night of
the 21st ult; that the unfortunate woman's dying deposition was taken on
the afternoon of the 26th ult., when she said "She thought Jack (meaning
her husband) had done it;" and that she expired in great agony, on the
27th ult.

Inspector John Mackenzie, V division, now said that since the remand Dr.
Hardwicke had held an inquest on the body of the deceased, and the jury
had returned the following verdict: --"That the deceased died from the
effects of burns, from her clothes taking fire from a paraffin lamp; but
whether the death arose from an accidental cause, or whether the
deceased's husband threw the lamp at her, the evidence is not sufficient
to show."

Mr. Hosack remarked that the coroner's jury had not the evidence of the
deceased before them, or probably the verdict might have been different.

Inspector Mackenzie said that he explained deceased's statement at the
inquest. There were also fresh witnesses examined, and one of them, a
baker, named Henry Limmer, of Wellington-road, Holloway, swore that he
saw the deceased in the passage of her house in flames, and also saw a
man throw a pail of water over her, and another pitch her violently to
the ground. The deceased then said she bad burnt herself, and that she
would die.

Mr. Hosack said as a public prosecutor had been appointed, he had better
be communicated with, with a view to ascertaining if he would go on with
the case, and for that purpose the inspector would be supplied with a
copy of the depositions. The prisoner would be remanded for a week, and
in the meantime he could communicate with his solicitor.

The prisoner, who treated the matter with indifference, was then
removed.
