SINGULAR CHARGE OF ROBBERY.

On Wednesday, at the Middlesex sessions, Sarah Higgins, nineteen,
servant, was charged with stealing three rings and other articles the
property of Benjamin Lewis Franklin.

This was an important case. The prosecutor lived at No. 44,
Albemarle-street, but had been living at 13, Bruton-street, where the
prisoner, was in the capacity of a general servant. About the end of
last month, he had occasion to look into his jewel-case, and found it
nearly empty. Three or four rings, a chain, shawls, and dresses, had
been stolen. On the 28th of June he saw the prisoner, and asked her
whether she was not ashamed of herself to look him in the face after
having stolen his property. She said, "Oh, you gave them to me;" and
when he asked her, "Why?" she said, "Because you locked the door on me, and
took liberties with me." This the prosecutor most stoutly denied, and
declared upon his oath that he never took the slightest liberty with
her, and would not have parted with the things she was charged with
stealing, because they belonged to his late wife. The prisoner sold the
things to Mrs. Mengedoht who keeps the house, and who, when examined,
deposed to having met the prisoner upon one occasion on the stairs,
apparently coming out of the prosecutor's room, and looking very flushed
and flurried, with her hair disheveled.

Mr. Benjamin Lewis Franklin was examined, and denied having ever taken
any familiarities with the prisoner. He said she had a master key, with
which she could enter his rooms. He described the articles (family
relics) which he had lost, and said the prisoner was never in his room
with a turned key, nor did he ever take any improper liberties with her.
He had asked her about her sweetheart one Sunday when she wished to
clean his room in order to go out early.

After further evidence and examination of witnesses, Mr. Ribton made a
very lengthy address to the jury on behalf of the prisoner.

The jury returned a verdict of "Not guilty."

Mr. L. Lewis, in the absence of Mr. Sleigh, said it was right to mention
that the prisoner had made a similar charge against a previous employer,
and he could prove it by witnesses. She had also charged a gentleman at
the Hammersmith police-court with an indecent assault. It was also
stated that prisoner had been discharged from a situation at
Notting-hill for pilfering, and that she had frequently shown the locket
alluded to.

The assistant judge remarked that he was not surprised to hear it, but
that it had nothing to do with the case at present decided by the jury,
though it must be a great satisfaction to Mr. Franklin to have beard
these statements. The prisoner was then discharged.
