SINGULAR CHARGE OF PERJURY.

On Monday, as the Guildhall police-court, Charles Mayhew, an elderly
man, an agent, residing at 2, Vernon-place, Bloomsbury-square, was
charged with perjury.

Mr. Nelson, the city solicitor, said he appeared in his official
capacity to prosecute the prisoner on a charge of perjury. When
gentlemen were summoned on the jury or grand jury at the Lord Mayor's
court and did not attend they were fined; and the prisoner seemed to
make it a practice to ascertain who the gentlemen were who were fined
for non-attendance, and then come forward and make a false affidavit in
order to get them excused from the fine. This had been reduced to such a
system that it was found that some gentlemen never appeared in the
jury-box at all, while others who did attend to their duties were
continually complaining that they were taken away from their business
much more frequently than they ought to be in in consequence of the
non-attendance of other gentlemen who ought to serve upon the jury. In
the present case he was prosecuting for having committed perjury in
making an affidavit which was false, in order to get the fine which had
been inflicted on the juror for not attending remitted. He had several
cases against him—indeed, so many that they showed a regular system had
been carried on in this way. The case he should first proceed with would
be that which concerned Mr. Robert Alexander Bentham, the manager of the
Imperial Bank in Lothbury. He was duly summoned to attend as a juror in
the Lord Mayor's court, and was fined 10l. for non-attendance.
Subsequently the defendant made the following affidavit: -

“In the Mayor's court, London. —I, Charles Mayhew, clerk to Mr. Robert
Alexander Bentham, of No. 6, Lothbury, in the city of London, banker,
make oath and any as follows: —1. That the said Robert Alexander Bentham
left London for the Christmas holidays on the 12th day of December last,
and did not return until the 1st day of January instant. 2. That it was
not brought to the knowledge of the said Robert Alexander Bentham that
he had been summoned to attend this honorable court as a juror on the
23rd of December last owing to his absence as aforesaid. —Sworn at the
Mayor's court office, London, this 22nd, January, 1866, before me,
Richard J. Pawley. —CHARLES MAYHEW.”

Circumstances came to the knowledge of the city authorities that these
practices were systematically carried on, and they at once commenced
proceedings to put a stop to them. The prisoner heard of it, and sent a
letter of excuse to the Lord Mayor's-court office.

This letter was read, and Mr. Nelson then said, as the prisoner had only
just been apprehended, he would ask for a remand, in order that he might
see upon which case he should go. He had a mass of evidence in other
cases, but he wished to select that upon which he could rely. Is would
be necessary for Mr. Bentham to explain how it was that he lent himself
to a practice of that description in order to get himself excused from
the jury list.

Mr. Alderman Abbiss said he had noticed the great difficulty there was
in getting jurymen and special juryman to attend at the Old Bailey, and
those who did attend to their duties complained greatly of having to
attend much more frequently than they ought in consequence of others not
attending at all, and if that were a system, as the city solicitor
stated, it must be put a stop to. It was a very serious case.

The prisoner was then remanded, but bail accepted for his appearance,
himself in 300l. and one surety in 300l.
