THE CHARGE AGAINST MOLLOY.

Patrick Molloy, aged 26, of 43, York-street, Dublin, described as a
clerk, was further charged at Bow-street police-court, on Thursday, with
having committed wilful and corrupt perjury, in evidence given in the
Parnell commission, on Dec. 7, 1888.

Mr. John Walker, recalled for cross-examination, said: It was on the
second occasion I met prisoner I told him I knew all about him. I did
not tell him that if he answered certain questions I would repay him or
that he would lose nothing by it. I did not tell him I would recoup him
for any loss for giving evidence for the Times. I did not offer him
anything for loss of time. I never offered him money to give evidence.
He never said he would require money before he went into the
witness-box. On the occasion of the interview at Mr. Beauchamp's house,
Mr. Beauchamp came in and said, "This is Mr. Walker, who is acting on
behalf of the Times." I told him Molloy wanted a guarantee. He was all
right. Molloy paused for a moment. He said he would make the statement
to me. Mr. Beauchamp is not agent for the Times, and if Mr. Soames had
sworn that he was it is not within my knowledge. I communicated with Mr.
Houston, secretary of the Irish Loyal and Patriotic league, with
reference to the guarantee. I have been in Mr. Beauchamp's employ three
years. Before that I was engaged in the election at South Tyrone by Mr.
Russell in the first instance, and afterwards by the Loyal and Patriotic
league.

What is your pay from the Times? –I never heard anything about pay at
all. I have been paid nothing. I have seen several witnesses on behalf
of the Times, and have taken the statements of some. I have taken the
statements of two witnesses who have given evidence before the
commission. The prisoner's statement was one, and Thomas O'Connor's was
another.

Are you aware that he has made a sworn retraction of the evidence given
by him before the Commission, and that the statement was false? –I can
only say that the Freeman's Journal has published a statement to that
effect, which I don't believe. I have an action against the Freeman's
Journal for libel. I do not believe that Thomas O'Connor made the
statement.

After being formally cautioned the prisoner said: I plead "Not guilty."
I reserve my defence; I have nothing to say.

He was committed for trial.
