THE CHARGES AGAINST A SURGEON, AND ACCOUCHEUSE.

At Marylebone police-court on Wednesday, William Turnbull, M.R.C.S., and
Mary Nottage, an accoucheuse, both of 146, Hampstead-road, were brought
up by Detective-inspector Banister, S division, charged with having
caused the death of Charlotte Louisa Clifford, a young woman, aged 18,
by an alleged illegal operation on or about the 20th November.

Mr. Batchelor, from the office of the Public prosecutor, stated that the
case was adjourned from a fortnight ago for the attendance of an
important witness, Mrs. Burton. Since then, however, she, too, had died,
and they would hear from witnesses that her death was the result of an
alleged operation. The facts of the two cases were very much interwoven,
and he proposed to recall the witnesses. About the end of October Miss
Clifford called on Mrs. Burton, and they went out together. Dr. Weathers
would state that two women called on him at his house, which was next
door but one to that of the prisoners. In consequence of what they said
he did not advise or prescribe for them. Afterwards he saw the body of
Mrs. Burton at the mortuary, and, to the best of his belief, she was the
same person that called on him. On the 31st of October Mrs. Burton went
out to make some purchases, and was brought home by a friend suffering
from what was thought to be cramp in the stomach. She was put to bed,
and never got up again. Dr. Turnbull attended Mrs. Burton up to the time
of his arrest, and the medical man called to attend her afterwards found
that she was in a serious condition. A postmortem examination of the
body of Mrs. Burton had taken place, and the conclusion arrived at by
the doctors was that an operation had taken place, and that the cause of
death was peritonitis following the operation.

Mr. George Weathers, a surgeon, of 144, Hampstead-road, said that on or
about the 29th or 30th October two women called on him, and he had some
conversation with one of them. He only saw one to speak to, and she
would be about a little over 30 years of age. The other woman was
younger. He neither prescribed for nor advised them, and they left. He
afterwards saw Mrs. Burton in the St. Pancras mortuary, and to the best
of his belief it was she who called on him at his surgery.

Cross-examined: He had never seen the women before they called on him,
and he only saw them for a few minutes. He was unable to describe the
younger woman.

William Thomas Nichols Burton, of 6, Churchill road, Dartmouth-park,
said his wife's name was Mary Ann, and her age was 35 the 15th of last
March. He knew the deceased Clifford by the name of Louie. About the
28th or 29th of October she called at his house in the evening, and she
and witness's wife went out together and remained out for two hours, his
wife returning alone. On the Saturday following his wife went out about
seven o'clock in the evening, taking with her, to his knowledge, about
7s. She returned about 11 o'clock, accompanied by Mr. Reardon.

Mr. Batchelor was proceeding to question the witness as to the condition
of his wife when she returned, when Mr. Besley strenuously objected to
evidence relating to Mrs. Burton being introduced into the case. A
discussion on the point took place between the learned gentlemen, and in
the end Mr. De Rutzen ruled that no further evidence than the fact that
Mrs. Burton went out with Miss Clifford on a certain night, could be
imported into the case.

Dr. Pepper was recalled, and gave the result of his examination of
certain stains found on various articles in the prisoners' house.

The prisoners, who elected to reserve their defence, were then committed
for trial. –On the application of Mr. Besley, Mr. De Rutzen consented to
admit Mrs. Nottage to bail in two sureties of 500l. each,

Mr. Batchelor then proceeded to call evidence on the second charge
against Dr. Turnbull—viz., for causing the death of Mrs. Burton.

Dr. Rayner, of 138, Camden-road, said that on the 26th of November he
was called to see the deceased, and attended her until her death. In his
opinion the cause of death was pyæmia, consequent on a recent operation.

Mr. De Rutzen again remanded the case.
