THE GREAT SEIZURE OF ARMS.

At Bow-street, on Monday, Thomas Walsh was brought up for final
examination on the charge of treason-felony. –Henry Johnson, licensed
carman, of 9, Milk-street, Cheapside, stated that he knew the prisoner
by the name of Walsh since August, 1879, to February, 1882, during which
time he had been in the habit of hiring witness's vans. (A list of the
carmen accompanying the vans was produced.) In February, 1880, prisoner
hired a loft in some stables belonging to witness at 18 Wharf,
Macclesfield-street, City-road. On one occasion witness saw him engaged
in "tinkering up some old guns. —John Dean, who was formerly employed at
Messrs. Goedecke's, of Jewin-crescent, City, and knew the prisoner by
the name of Walsh, deposed to the purchase of several rifles and
revolvers from the firm by the prisoner. –Edward Beard, chief armourer
at the Tower of London, said the rifles seized were old Enfield rifles
converted into Sniders. They were not of Government make, of the Crown
and the word Tower imitations. There were 30 Colt's revolvers, 27 being
breechloaders. The rifles referred to in evidence and brought by the
police from Ireland were of the same description as those deposited at
the Tower. –Mr. Abrahams then addressed the magistrate on behalf of the
defendant, submitting that no evidence had been adduced bearing upon the
charge of treason-felony. He felt strongly the task he had before him in
asking for the prisoner's discharge, but he contended that he could not
be held as the charge was now framed. The prisoner must be shown to have
taken part in a treasonable conspiracy of confederation against the
Queen or the Government before his committal on the present charge could
be justified. The arms were not sent over to Ireland with any
treasonable object, and no evidence had been brought by the prosecution
to show that such was the case. —Sir James Ingham committed the prisoner
for trial.

__________________________

It is stated that a curious circumstance in connection with the prisoner
Walsh, who is now at the House of Detention, Clerkenwell, awaiting his
trial on a charge of treason-felony, has just come to light. When his
linen was sent into the gaol on Wednesday, the authorities discovered a
stone-coloured india-rubber ball with his name on it carefully concealed
in the bundle. Taken by itself, this, it is added, would not be
considered a very important thing, but when it is remembered that
immediately before the walls of the House of Detention were blown down
in 1867, a similar ball was thrown over as a signal, the authorities
have felt themselves justified, in case of any surprise being attempted,
in doubling the guard outside the prison.
