THE PROVINCES.

DEVONSHIRE. –ATTEMPT TO BLOW UP A FAMILY. – At Tipton, on Monday, John
Burgess, 35, an ironworker, was remanded for a week for attempting to
blow up his father's house. The prisoner went to the house on Saturday
night, and asked to be supplied with drink. Upon being refused, he
produced a barrel of gunpowder, and said, "You will all be in—in one
minute," and attempted to throw the powder on the fire, but was
prevented from doing so by his mother, who seized the barrel and threw
it into the canal.

KENT—HOMICIDE IN SELF-DEFENCE. —A man named Thomas Thorner, formerly
living at Tovil, near Maidstone, is in custody at Maidstone on a charge
of murder at Chillicothe, Ohio, U.S. His defence is that the act was
committed in self-defence. The American authorities have directed
inquiries to be made as to the man's past character, and the Mayor of
Maidstone yesterday held a court to receive evidence on that point.
Witnesses spoke of the accused as a quiet and peaceable man, and this
evidence will be transmitted to the American authorities in due course.

LANCASHIRE. —EXTRAORDINARY OUTRAGE BY IRISHMEN. –At Haslingden, on
Monday, four Irishmen were charged with cutting and wounding a number of
Englishmen. On the evening of the Monday previous the prisoners rushed
into a beerhouse at Haslingden, and without any provocation attacked the
company in the kitchen. They shouted, "Boycott the English,” and struck
right and left with knives and other instruments. Several of the company
were stabbed, and one of them was dangerously injured. Four or five
received wounds on the head and were so badly treated that they were
unable to follow their employment. The prisoners were committed for
trial.

OBECTING TO THE INCOME-TAX. —At Liverpool, on Monday, a man named
Bernard Barlow was charged with threatening Frederick Bustin, cashier to
the Income-tax Commissioners at Liverpool. The commissioners had issued
a distraint warrant upon the prisoner for income-tax, and he was "sold
up," since which time the prisoner had annoyed complainant by calling at
his office and using abusive language. On Saturday prisoner went to the
complainant, and said he would not get home that night, as he (prisoner)
had something in his pocket that would “do" for him. In consequence of
that conduct a warrant was applied for to arrest the prisoner, and in
executing it the detective was assaulted by the prisoner's wife. The
prisoner was now ordered to find sureties to keep the peace, and his
wife, who also appeared in the dock, was sent to gaol for two months,
with hard labour.
