ATTEMPTED MURDER AT CAMBERWELL.

At Lambeth police-court, on Tuesday, John Connor, 23, living in
Aboukir-street, Old Kent-road, labourer, was charged before Mr. Biron
with unlawfully wounding Ruth Laws, by stabbing her with a knife in St.
George's-road, Camberwell.

The complainant, a married woman, living in Cator-street, Peckham,
stated that the prisoner was her sister's husband. They were all out
together on Monday. In the evening they left a public-house, and whilst
in the St. George's-road the prisoner said, "I have got a knife." Seeing
him aiming a blow with a knife at her, she put up her right arm to
protect herself. The knife struck her on the arm, causing a wound. She
became insensible for a time, and afterwards found herself attended by a
doctor.

William Roberts, a porter, said all the parties were the worse for
drink. He saw the prisoner aim the blow, which evidently looked as if he
meant to stab her. She put up her arm, and caught the blow on it. The
prisoner also ran at the youngest sister of the prosecutrix, apparently
to stab her, but she got out of the way. The prisoner followed the
prosecutrix to the doctor's house, still having the knife.

Police-constable 526 W said he was informed of the affair, and found the
prisoner outside the doctor's house. He was trying to force his way in.
Witness took hold of him, and said he would be charged with stabbing his
sister-in-law, Prisoner said, "Yes, and I'll settle her now," and he
then tried again to get into the surgery. Witness struggled with the
prisoner and managed to get the knife produced from his pocket. At the
station the prisoner said "If I am not locked up I'll do for her yet. I
opened the big blade." He afterwards said he did not know he had a knife
in his pocket, and that he only tried to get into the doctor's place to
see if he had hurt her much.

In answer to Mr. Biron, the police officer said all the parties had
evidently been drinking. The husband of the prosecutrix said it was not
the first time the prisoner had threatened her with violence.

Mr. Biron remanded the prisoner.
