A PRISONER'S ADDRESS TO THE JUDGE.

At the Gloucester assizes, on Thursday, Ellen Tipper, who had been
convicted on Wednesday of breaking open a box and stealing 30l., and who
had also been previously convicted at Worcester assizes, was brought up
before Mr. Justice Smith for sentence. —The prisoner, who was
well-dressed, and had altogether an appearance of respectability, begged
to be allowed to address a few observations to his lordship before he
proceeded to award her punishment. She then, with some considerable
feeling, addressed the judge. After alluding to her former conviction,
she said she afterwards went to live with a young man now living in
Gloucester, who afterwards slighted her. By the advice of the young
man's master she went home, and then he wrote to her and said he should
give her up. The prisoner went on in an impassioned manner as follows:
—My lord, I can't express to you the bitterness of treatment I
experienced from the young man after that I got a situation, but when
they came to know that I had been living with the young man, they cast
me out of doors. My lord, it is only through an all-wise Providence that
I am here now. I concealed myself two days, and I took poison. My lord,
I had not a farthing in my pocket, and I had nowhere to go to. They
turned me out of doors. I tried my best to give satisfaction, but I was
turned out of doors. I had no friends, and I did not know which way to
turn. I had no one to look to, but the Lord God Almighty. He was my only
friend. He has been with me, and I now well know the goodness of His
hand. I hope this will be a warning to me and to others around me never
to be led away by people that are older than themselves, and who ought
to know better. I hope that the same Almighty who has forgiven me the
sins I have committed—for during the time that I have been in prison I
have prayed earnestly, and He has heard me—I hope He will send you, my
lord, a kind heart to pass as light a punishment as you can on a poor
and unfortunate girl. During the latter part of the prisoner's “speech”
sobs were audible in several parts of the Court, and at its close the
prisoner leant forward on the rail of the dock, and burying her face in
her handkerchief appeared to be crying bitterly. —The judge then
proceeded to pass sentence. She had, said his lordship, been convicted
four times. It was easy enough to say that she was penitent, but no one
would believe in her penitence until she showed it by her good conduct.
He doubted whether he ought not to sentence her to penal servitude, but
would give her another chance by sentencing her to eight months'
imprisonment.
