WESTMINSTER SESSIONS.

These sessions commenced yesterday morning. In the absence of F. CONST,
Esq., the official chairman, who, we regret to say, is seriously ill,
Mr. RAWLINSON, of Queen square police-office, presided.

Harriet Dixon, an interesting looking young woman with a child in her
arms, was indicted for feloniously stealing, on the 21st of December
last, a sovereign, a half crown, a shilling, and a sixpence, the monies
of James Barnes, from his person.

It appeared from the statement of the prosecutor, who Is a porter in
Charles-street, Haymarket, that he accompanied the prisoner to her
lodgings in Whitcombe-street. He had not been there above two minutes
before he missed the money, and charged her with the robbery, which she
denied. A policeman was sent for, upon which she produced 7s. 9d.,
which, however, she declared was her own. A search was then made, and a
sovereign found in the bed, between the sacking and the mattress, but
the prisoner disclaimed it. She had seen a young man give him a
sovereign to take care of for him.

The prisoner protested her innocence.

William M'Coy, a watchman, of Bridge Ward, City, stated that he had
married the sister of the prisoner, whom he had known fourteen years,
and who had always borne an honest character. Her sister, who seemed
deeply affected at her situation, offered to provide a home for her.

The jury, without hesitation, acquitted the prisoner. The 7s. 9d. were
restored to her, and the sovereign remains in the custody of the High
Bailiff. The prosecutor was not allowed his expenses.

James Wood, aged 30, was indicted for stealing one boot, value 10s., the
property of Samuel Comley, boot maker, in Old Compton-street.

Police constable C 85, stated that on the 11th of December last, about
seven o'clock in the evening, he saw the prisoner and another man
lurking about the prosecutor's shop, and watched them. In about ten
minutes he saw the prisoners step upon a window sill, next door to the
shop, and reach down the boot, which was hanging over the shop window.
He then attempted to take its fellow, but missed it: and witness walked
across the read, and seized the prisoner. His companion ran off.

CHAIRMAN: Are you not placed in the streets to prevent robberies? When
you observe suspicious characters about, why do you not give notice to
shop-keepers, instead of waiting until they commit some depredation? --
Policeman: Oh! if I were to turn my back, they would go somewhere else.

The prisoner was found guilty, and sentenced to three mouths'
imprisonment and hard labour.

James Kelly, an old man, and a native of Ireland, whose. demeanor
indicated that he had seen better days, was indicted for stealing Sibs.
of salt beef, value 1s. 6d., the property of Phoebe Horn, on the 20th of
December last.

William Judd, who was buying some meat, saw the prisoner put the beef
into his handkerchief, and walk off with it. He told the shopman; they
both pursued him; found the meat concealed as described, and gave him
into custody to a policeman.

The prisoner cross-examined the witnesses with considerable acumen: The
shopman, in answer to a question put by him, said he knew the beef again
because he had salted it with his own hands.

The prisoner addressed the jury to the following effect: —Gentlemen,
this butcher excels all I ever knew of his profession. He will undertake
to swear to a piece of beef because he salted it. At the police-office
he swore I had not proceeded three yards, but to-day he swears I had got
five yards off. I leave you to judge of that point; but I ask you, as
men of sense, whether I should not have gone fifty yards, and in a
contrary direction, had been a thief? Then, again, it is said I wrapped
the meat in a handkerchief. Where is the hand kerchief? Why is it not
produced? Gentlemen, you will. I am sure, see the force of these
observations."

The jury instantly pronounced the prisoner guilty.

The COURT regretted to see a man who had evidently been in a good
condition of life formerly, in such a situation, and sentenced him to
one month's imprisonment and hard labour.

William Robinson, a fashionably-dressed man, about 40 years of age, was
indicted as an evil-disposed person, and charged with an assault upon
John Garley, a private in the 2d battalion of Grenadier Guards.

Mr. C. PHILLIPS, who conducted the prosecution, said it had been
instituted at the instance of the officers of the regiment.

The Prosecutor stated, that while he was on duty on the evening of the
22d of November last, in St. James's Park, near the Turkish gun, the
prisoner approached him, and asked if a young woman had passed that way?
He replied there had not. The prisoner then asked what it was o'clock?
and prosecutor told him a little after six. The prisoner then made a
peculiar gesture with his hand upon his own person, and instantly
touched prosecutor in an improper manner. Prosecutor told him he was not
a young woman, and he should take him into custody for that insult. The
prisoner dared him to leave his post, or to detain him, as he was a
King's servant. He ran away, and prosecutor pursued him until they got
to the next sentry, at the Treasury, when the prisoner called out, “Why
did you rob me?” and threw his stick at him, still running until he got
to the Tilt-yard, where the sentry at that place assisted in securing
him.

John Davis and Robert Howard, the other centinels corroborated this
evidence.

William Rhodes, serjeant, took the prisoner into his custody at the
guard-house. He said he was well acquainted with all the officers of the
regiment, and could not be detained. He shook witness by the hand and
wanted him to go and take brandy with him.

The prisoner in the most solemn manner protested his entire innocence of
the charge. He did not throw his stick at the soldier but raised it to
parry a thrust of his bayonet. It was impossible the soldier could see
any gesture of his hands for the night was dark and he wore black
gloves. He had not acquainted his friends with his situation.

Gurley was recalled, and stated that he never attempted to use his
bayonet in any way. He was three yards from the prisoner when he threw
his stick, and he wore no gloves at all.

The jury retired to consider their verdict at five o'clock, and at eight
there was no chance of their agreeing. Some went to sleep, having
declared that they would stand out till the morning.
