BRENTFORD PETTY SESSIONS.

THE BITER BIT-SINGULAR CASE.

Yesterday William Quantill, John Desforges, and John Spratley, a
coachman, ostler, and post-boy, in the employ of Mr. Cullin, the
landlord of the Castle tavern, Brentford, were charged with
appropriating to their own use the sum of 30l.

From the evidence produced, it appeared that, a few days since, Spratley
was hired by a lady and gentleman who alighted at the Castle, from
Williams's Reading coach, to drive them to Clapham. On his return he
gave a 20l. note, No. 12,688, and a 10l., 14,420, to Quantill to take to
London and get changed for sovereigns, saying he had found them in the
chaise after he had put his fare down. Quantill, after his return, gave
Spratley only £24, saying he should keep the other for his trouble.
Spratley, not much pleased with his conduct, gave 21 sovereigns to the
prisoner, Disforges, to keep for him, and on his asking him for them on
Saturday, he refused to return him more than £14. Spratley accordingly
applied to the magistrates on the same day for a summons against his
fellow-prisoners. When the magistrates became acquainted with the above
circumstances, they ordered all three to be taken into custody.

The Driver of Williams's coach remembered bringing a lady and gentleman
to the Castle, Brentford, but he did not know who they were, as they
came to the coach in a post-chaise.

Inspector Marchant informed the Bench, that he had that morning received
a letter from the Inspector at Clapham, to whom he had written, stating
that although he had used every endeavour, he had been unable to
ascertain who the parties were whom the prisoner Spratley had driven in
his chaise.

The prisoners, having nothing to say, were remanded for reexamination.

IMPORTANT TO LICENSED VICTUALLERS.

Messrs. THOMAS HOLFORD and WILLIAM ENGLISH, the landlords of the
Chequers and the Ball public-houses, at Isleworth, were each fined £5,
and 12s. costs, for selling beer previous to their respective licences
being transferred. The information’s were laid by a common informer,
named John Thomas, whose witness, George Bowley, stated, that on the
20th of October last he went into the defendants' houses, in the first
of which he was served with a pint of porter, and in the other with a
pot. The licences of the houses were not transferred until the following
day, the 21st ult.

The MAGISTRATES expressed great regret at being compelled to convict in
cases of the above nature, and hoped that some member, friendly to
licensed victuallers, would bring in a bill to repeal the 9th Geo. IV.,
cap. 61, sec. 18, under which Act they had no option. It was as painful
to them to convict as it was to the defendants to be convicted.
