SOUTH DEVON ELECTION.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE MORNING CHRONICLE.

Era—I yesterday recorded my vote at Kingsbridge in favour of Lord John
Russell, and soon afterwards took my departure for London. From what I
have seen and heard, I have no doubt but that the Tory candidate will
prove successful.

Throughout the county the walls were marked with "No Russell," "No
Popery," and similar epithets; and bills, charging Lord John with almost
everything that is evil, were extensively circulated.

Reports were also afloat calculated to frighten the electors of South
Devon, and induce them to believe that Lord John would establish Popery,
with all its train of persecuting horrors; but this bugbear to frighten
the good people of South Devon is nothing compared to the tyranny
exercised by the Tory landholders and parish priests over their tenants
and parishioners.

It is notorious that multitudes of landlords gave their tenants the
option of voting contrary to conscience, or the sacrifice of their
families by quitting their estates. Hundreds, it is supposed, yielded to
the claims of their families; and large numbers, known to be decided
Liberals, voted for the Tory candidate to save their families from ruin.

A farmer, with tears in his eyes, came to solicit my advice under these
circumstances. I hesitated as to the advice I should give, when he
paused, and then exclaimed in an agony of desperation," I am determined
to do my duty, and await the consequences." I could not but ad-mire his
patriotism.

Is it right that men and their families should be placed in this
dilemma? I have ever been opposed to the ballot, but unless some other
remedy can be found, from what the last few days have shown me, I am
convinced of Its utility.

I have seen flocks of poor tenants driven to the polling place like
negro slaves to the market; the squire and parish priest in their
carriages, leading; the poor tenants of the parish following; and livery
servants bringing up the cavalcade, like whippers-in, to see that none
escaped.

Is this freedom of election? Can it be endured much longer? Either let
the country be given up to the aristocracy and parsons, or protect the
tenants from worse than slavery.

I hope the defeat in Devon will produce a remedy for this horrible evil.
—I am, Sir, yours respectfully,

Eastcheap, May 5. R. PEEK.
